Worth a visit .
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked .
Going to Ballato 's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen , an absolute delight !
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
The food was average to above-average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
Service - friendly and attentive .
Do n't waste money on decor .
The food here was mediocre at best .
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be .
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype .
I love Ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to Murray 's for convenience .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
But trust me it is so worth it .
Not because I was pregnant , but the food here is always delicious .
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room ( no matter what the size of your party ) , the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters - you 'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you 're in .
Do n't ever bother - the drinks were awful , but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
Oh , and I never write reviews -- I just was so moved by how bad this place was , I felt it was my duty to spread the word .
Highly recommended !
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
They even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
Everything was wonderful ; food , drinks , staff , mileau .
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat , with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll , it is well worth the price you pay for them .
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin .
If you want good authentic Thai this place is not the place to go .
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !
It 's convenient .
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary .
Never once did I leave feeling unwelcome or impressed .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
The pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
I read the other review and have to say I had the opposite experience here last Sunday .
There are other people waiting !
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
Great food , good wine and an excellent host .
love the food .
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone .
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at Bark you do n't just get your average hot dog .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
Not someplace I would seek to try out but if I am in the area again , I will certainly stop by .
This was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
It was delicious and large !
Very pleased
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices ...
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
Be careful , when they say spicy , they mean it !
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
this is the best secret place in midtown ' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
( The asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
The entrees were served with miso soup and rice .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
Delicious crab cakes too .
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at ' Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip .
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
If you 're in the ' hood , definitely stop in .
Not worth the prices .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ' pub ' .
What an amazing meal and experience !
The pizza is good though .
The veal was incredible last night .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time .
We thought the dessert would be better , Wrong !
They even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
Would NEVER go back there .
( The sashimi is cut a little thinly .
For instance , plates were just dumped on the table , I was handed the wine list upside down , etc. ...
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
What you are paying for is the environment and the name .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
We had the most wonderful waitress .
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City , not just Brooklyn ...
I do n't know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
So rude !!!
I 've never ordered anything else from their menu ... there 's no need to .
Great sake !
They have great rolls , the triple color and norwegetan rolls , are awesome and filling .
Joe 's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up .
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
It hits the spot every time
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left .
If it 's just a quick martini at the bar ( which I recommend Jeffery 's ) or a mind blowing Roast Chicken , go to Village !
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
P.S. Please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
The waiter was attentive .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
Nothing better than buying a snapple for $ 3.25 too .
Good Experience
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city !
I 've eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
For me dishes a little oily , but overall dining experience good .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
Then , get ripped on free box wine .
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre .
Guaranteed to be a tasty experience ! )
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
I particularly love their yellowfun tuna and their mussel selection .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
Bravissimo !!
Also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
My boyfriend and I are avid restaurant goers , and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended Flatbush Farms .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
Worth it for a special occasion , or any time !
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
Quite simply it 's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tranquility .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
The nakgi-bokum was horrible .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
The bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .
It does n't look appetizing as it 's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black , but the taste was phenomenal .
Open late ( well as late as I ever got there and I 'm a night person )
I went there 2times .
The service is a little scatty at times but all is forgiven when the food arrives .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
We went to Ino for Valentines .
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud .
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
Highly impressed from the decor to the food to the hospitality to the great night I had !
Definitely a neighborhood favorite .
Favourites include : potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb .
This should have been done in a back room - away from customers .
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as I love La Pizza Fresca ) .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
The entire dining experience was wonderful !
That place was awesome , , , sally !
For $ 760 for 2 people , it 's a once in a lifetime experience .
But if you 're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for Indian food
The wine list is excellent .
What a difference , the service was very comforting and the food was better than average , but what really standed out was such a dynamic and extensive beer list .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now , its official !
Guess the 555Soul ads did n't launch her big modeling career .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
Yakitori ( bbq meats ) is tasty too .
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy 's Bronx , or for that matter , Jimmy 's Uptown , again .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila .
The service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
We will be back .
I 've always been seated propmtly .
It can be a very fun experience with a group , and kids ( 6 and over ) would love it .
Prices are in line .
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
If only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
And these are not small , wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real , full sized patties .
Yes , I ate the food , but I certainly would not have if I had seen the maggot before eating , and I was at this point fairly sick to my stomach .
It was totally overpriced - fish and chips was about $ 15 ....
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $ 8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $ 2.99 / lb at the store .
It was served with skin , over a bed of extremely undercooked spinach and mashed potatoes .
After waiting for almost an hour , the waiter brusquely told us he 'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order .
I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
first it took us a long time to find the place .
Look I dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place ( PLEASE TRY SOMEOTHER PLACES ) .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
To top it all off . . the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
We could n't carry our conversation as we were routinely interrupted by waitress and servants asking us to order and hinting that we 're taking too much time -- amazing , we just sat down .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing .
This was on a Tuesday night .
it helps if you know what to order .
I though it was expensive and I prefer Bella Via just blocks away by far .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
Not only have I worked in restaurants for many years , I am now in culinary school , I am a huge lover of oysters and fish , and my girlfriend is half Korean !
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I do n't have to rush off to a show .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
We know the difference between and oyster and bad fish .
Once we sailed , the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening .
Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great .
Food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
I love this place !
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I did n't just go to Zucchero Pomodori .
Authentic Korean food lovers should visit 32nd Street , of course .
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
I look forward to eating here again
Need I say more ?
And it was quick which is very important .
Everything a NY pizza joint should be .
The avocado salad is a personal fave .
Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
The flavors robust and subtle .
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger , made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas , carrots and other vegetables and spices .
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
Was there Friday night .
Service was very good and warm .
Hands down the best pizza on the planet .
Cool atmosphere but such a let down .
This place is great .
I was n't here for the pizza so I ca n't comment on that yet but what I had was very good .
Too bad , has a lot of potential .
Not only was the sushi fresh , they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy ( try the duck !
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
I 'm partial to the Gnocchi .
The food we ordered was excellent , although I would n't say the margaritas were anything to write home about .
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average .
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer .
For all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to Alphabet City , I say , good - stay out .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
Food was average but tasty .
The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
How do you rate home ?
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way , the food was insultingly horrible .
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
I 've been to Sotto Voce several time , and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time !
The absolute worst service I 've ever experienced and the food was below average ( when they actually gave people the meals they ordered ) .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
The food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .
Leave the kids at home !
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
Helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .
We had half/half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
The service is fantastic .
it was really good pizza .
Great wine , great food .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
The buffet had a nice selection .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater .
There 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded .
It 's a small cute restaurant .
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
The menu is nothing like the one on the website .
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
I 'd definitely recommend this little place .
A guaranteeed delight !
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
I was a little leary about Mary 's at first - it 's small , crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I 'm glad I finally tried it .
Over the years , it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine .
Host and Hostess was quite rude .
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
Do n't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review .
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
and there 's no way out .
Certainly not the best sushi in New York , however , it is always fresh , and the place is very clean , sterile .
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras , but that 's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
Food was okay , nothing great .
When he 's not making authentic Neapolitan pizza in the open brick oven or lightly frying zucchini blossoms , he 's visiting the regulars ( a growing legion ) and checking on newcomers .
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of remorse .
All-time favorites include the Big Mac , Chicken McNuggets , Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald 's famous french fries ; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available .
That 's good and bad .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
Take a good sense of humor , an American express card with no limit , walk out with a lollipop , gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
If you like Sakagura but you feel it 's too much , you 'd better try Yokocho .
So , if you 're walking by and thinking about dining , you might want to see who 's going to be seating you first ...
The food is very good , but not outstanding .
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
My fav was the sassy lassi ...
We spent $ 200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed .
Paul , the maitre d' , was totally professional and always on top of things .
You will not be disapointed at all .
Ca n't wait to go back .
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks , everything was creatively prepared yet still simple .
And you 're hungry a few hours later .
The atmosphere was nice but it was a little too dark .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !
My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise .
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
We were seated next to a couple whose kitchen was being renovated and we agreed since we 're all foodies who eat out a lot - that this was n't a place we 'd return to .
The space is traditional in feel .
Ca n't argue about that , but they are clearly over priced .
It is also extremely well priced .
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines , please check their wine list .
Do n't waste your time , or money !!
His response was smug , arrogant , and condescending , totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening .
The stuff tilapia was horrid ... tasted like cardboard .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
I loved this place !!
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars !
I had been searching really hard for a restaurant in New York where I could really feel unwanted and ignored and I finally found it !
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC .
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
The food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , I do n't like being cramp in a corner .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
If you 're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service , definitely visit Curry Leaf .
On our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
Tiny restaurant with very fast service .
Great service , great food .
The waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
So eat fast and order a lot .
so i thought why not change it up a bit .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
The fries are yummy .
The food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
Not only is the food authentic , but the staff here are practically off-the-boat , they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine .
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
Generously garnished , organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish , but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets , goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
It is simply amazing .
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .
Service is average .
It 's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea .
Creative , consistent , fresh .
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
The food is great .
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city .
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it .
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and would n't miss roxy , s food is expensive but it 's new york !
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great .
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending .
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments .
Even though it is a little loud , you do n't have to yell at each other to talk .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
The service was spectacular as the waiter knew everything about the menu and his recommendations were amazing !
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied .
Every course was better than the next .
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ( $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee ) and it was marvelous .
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience , though , to both A-listers and people walking in off the street .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
It 's a steal !
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu .
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
This place is worth an one-hour drive .
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere .
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
Moderate prices .
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
The place was nice and calm .
SEA has become so popular that they 've let it go to their heads .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
I heartily recommend .
Do n't miss Bloom 's on your next trip to Manhatten .
We 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished .
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
And I 've been to many NYC delis .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
Try green curry with vegetables .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
Since I cook for a living , I 'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants .
Less = More in their case .
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $ 8 a piece .
A different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came .
Not only did they have amazing , sandwiches , soup , pizza etc , but their homemade sorbets are out of this world !
I honestly do n't even know where to begin .
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
But that is highly forgivable .
All conveniently delivered right to the door .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
we have been there 3 times since last week we alked it by chance first day the manager offerd us the margherita pizza adn we said yes .
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
I do n't get it either .
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
I could n't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach .
Well worth the trip , close to City Hall and downtown subway stops .
Even my Indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place ( he painted the ballato 's sign in the window ) .
It 's a small cute restaurant .
The place was quiet and delightful .
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
Great sushi experience .
It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
Thank You Emilio .
Also get the Onion Rings -- best we 've ever had .
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed .
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people , but I did n't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat .
There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis .
Gross food – Wow -
I 'll keep this short .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
After the 4th time i asked again and the waiter than said after our dinner .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
I had the cod with paella ( spicy and very filling , I 'm a big eater and could only eat half ) while my boyfriend had the classic fish and chips ( again , a big serving - at least 5 pieces of fish and a basketful of fries ) .
Hats off to the chef .
Would not return for the amount we paid .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
I would not recommend MEET at all , it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in !
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest . . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol
We will go back every time we are in the City .
Great idea and base for restaurant , but work on the details , people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like .
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .
It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay Ridge .
I grew up on these bagels .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
Maybe it 's that most of Dumont 's patrons are younger and have lower expectations , but I can not recommend Dumont .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert .
Try the sea bass .
Not much of a selection of bottled beer either , we went with Brahma .
What a great place !
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel .
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious .
I was at Rao 's last Wed .
Their Margarita is best I 've had since I 've returned from Naples !
The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
Get it together .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
SUM IT : local investment bankers like it , try for yourself at least once .
We had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
Although the restaurant itself is nice , I prefer not to go for the food .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
However , there is just something so great about being outdoors , in great landscaping , enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
The tables are crammed way too close , the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant , and the wine list is simply overpriced .
All in all , I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .
Bison was quite excellent however .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
It was wonderful .
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
Note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
Quick and friendly service .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
Good bagels and good cream cheese .
Delicious food at a great price but do not go here on a cold day and sit by the front door .
P.S. Please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
Read all the other review , they 'll confirm it .
Sometimes you pay a lot and do n't get much in return - it 's manhattan , things are expensive .
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait , when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes , the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for ?
Do n't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo .
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish .
Ruth , mother of the Bride
Dumbfoundingly Poor
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
I sometimes see the waiters do n't have enough knowledge of their dishes .
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
Also very inexpensive .
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they had n't heard about this place .
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn .
The food was good too .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
I can understand the prices if it served better food , like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
Be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
The food is very good and the service is great .
Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
Go hungry and enjoy .
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $ 400.00 where I am not swept off my feet .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum .
I went there with my friend last saturday .
Wish NY had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .
And the food is fantastic .
So , again , give it a try .
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here .
Two people in our party felt like something else , and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu .
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said , " can I help you " and " how many are in your party . "
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly .
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
I 'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
Jimmy is Dominican !
The food was great - sushi was good , but the cooked food amazed us .
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
Drinks way over priced .
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
Would NEVER go back there .
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) !!!
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
Great burgers , grilled cheeses and french fries .
If you 're lucky and there 's not a private party going on back there , you 'll get a chance to really chill out .
Do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
The wine list is also really nice .
Fabulous food - if the front of house staff do n't put you off –
The food is amazing ... especially if you get the Chef 's tasting menu and your favourite bottle ( or two ! ) of wine from an extensive selection of wines .
Service is excellent , no wait , and you get a lot for the price .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants .
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy .
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN ; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever .
After reading the posts , I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow , despite living in Park Slope .
To speak of the Park Side , words can not describe .
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .
We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened .
The worst though was the taste .
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , Kai may not be the best option .
They all know you .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
I was glad I did .
Recommendations , of course , are required !
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was , we ended up going to Ping 's three weekends in a row !!!
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .
I think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated .
But the coconut rice was good .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
The food is great and the environment is even better .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
since the first time I came here I 've been hooked .
Taj Mahal offeres gret value and great food .
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary .
For great chinese food nearby , you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening , I do n't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area .
Not too much so , but enough that there 's a great scene .
There were no communications issues either , as she spoke perfect English .
The ambiance was pretty cool , but not worth the hassle .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
Plus they made a perfect martini .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
Will comeback for sure , wish they have it here in LA . .
They have an excellent selection ( the rolls with crab are really great ) .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate .
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
Everything about this place was wonderful .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
Probably would not go again ...
Great food , great drinks , nice dining atmosphere .
Again , the waitress was awesome .
I went there with my friend last saturday .
Best Indian food I have ever eaten .
Wow over 100 beers to choose from .
Alias is warm and cozy and you do n't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton .
If you 're in the neighborhood , definitely stop by for a great meal .
Check this place out !
Amma is nothing special .
The wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
Going to Bark is always worth the train ride , and will make your tongue and belly very happy !
I paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good , but this has been the best I 've eaten so far .
I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth 's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites .
It is expensive but well worth the money .
Went to Village last night for my birthday .
Will not be back .
Definitely Highly NOT recommended .
Overall , the best bagel in town .
The prices are wonderfully low .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
If you 're in town , it 's worth searching for another place .
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with .
) It 's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
The kitchen however , is almost always slow .
I would recommend Roxy 's for that , but not for their food .
Our experience did not ever get any better .
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli .
Did I mention the wine ?
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
Best Indian Restaurant in the City
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly - not too sweet , but full of flavor .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food .
The atmosphere takes you to that place , the place many dream of .
What a hassle !
We ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
I LOVED THE SHOWS .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!
Definitely not worth the price !
The service was quick and friendly .
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service !
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO !
The staff is no nonsense .
If you 're into being lost when you 're just five feet from your table then hey , that 's a good thing .
We paid and left because we did n't feel like arguing any more .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
For an untrendy rip-off - eat here .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
$ 500 included :
The staff is very good .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
please do n't fool us .
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
And cheap !
Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
The waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .
At this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and did n't say anything , and guess what , the waitress WALKED away .
It was such a fantastic dining experience , that I returned again the same week .
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years , now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza .... Hanx
I tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .
Amma is nothing special .
Perfectly al dente pasta , not drowned in sauce -- generous portions .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $ 2 and you 're set for the night !
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
It was n't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand , but now it 's simply repulsive .
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door , with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime .
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed .
There restaurant is very casual , but perfect for lunch , and their delivery service is always very fast .
I definitely will go back .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
Great , original taste .
The hostess said " Wow that 's a large group , unless you are n't together " , to which I replied " no we are , and there will be one more , so a table for six please . "
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome .
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
Planet Thai is great !
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .
its alright
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
While it was large and a bit noisy , the drinks were fantastic , and the food was superb .
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
This was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac !
The food is great , I love their dumplings , cold sesame noodles , chicken and shrimp dishs .
While it 's not Nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
Something about them being busy with holiday party 's .
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant .
This place is always packed .
Its worth the wait though .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions .
Inexpensive , unassuming , great time !
Will absolutely visit again .
Try the sea bass .
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust , around a raw and cold inside .
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
It 's eaten with black vinegar and shredded ginger .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
The setting is casual and romantic .
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
... and that 's saying a lot .
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .
I highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
The food was bland oily .
My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com ,
The menu changed , portions were even smaller than before , a lentil dish was salty beyond edibility , a basmati rice dish lacked flavor .
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all .
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start .
Our food was great too !
Just an odd group .
My friends and I have been going here regularly for two years .
While the food was good ( certainly no Il Mulino ) the service was horrendous .
whoever the jazz duo was , they were on POINT .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
Despite the fact that the space is large , they 've overcrowded the floor with tables .
Really , I find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds -- this , in the city of a million restaurants , at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one .
Aside from the bearded , courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he 's sleeping with that week , you see a strange mix of hipsters , frat boys , Will Smith types who need to be told they are black , bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet ....
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) .
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
We left after one drink .
I was n't impressed and it was n't SPICEY ????
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY .
The food was outstanding and the service was tops .
If you ’re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .
This place is average ... at best .
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC .
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
Tables are close , so you better be comfortable bumping elbows with other patrons .
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
The food options rule .
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe .
I was literally going to explode , but instead , my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager .
We 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
came here for restaurant week , did n't save much , but it was still great .
The service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
Best Indian Chinese in the city , by far !
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs .
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .
We 'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
The service was superb , they treat you like family .
Good cake BUT : it was not the best cake i 've ever had , and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees .
The crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped , but it has old school charm .
When we stumbled on Leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT , we were certainly wrong .
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
There 's candlelight and music .
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
we love th pink pony .
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce , but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I 've tried similar dishes at .
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
The food is good .
My wife and I went to Orsay for Valentine 's dinner .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
How have I never been to Agave before ?
Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
I came across Village Underground by accident , now I go there all the time .
I was pleasently surprised at the taste .
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy .
Restaurant was dirty and unkempt .
Being a vegan myself , I 've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan -- and Zen Palate is easily my favorite .
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together .
Very immature bartender , didnt know how to make specific drinks , service was so slowwwww , the food was not fresh or warm , waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers .
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
We requested they re-slice the sushi , and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes .
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
Light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend .
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends .
First , the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials , which I would have chosen had I known about them .
Waiters are slow but sweet .
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
I 've been there a few times , and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people .
This restaurant is not worth the time , effort , or money to say the least .
Never fails to please .
The service is awful .
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .
The place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food , the line reached the door .
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .
Definite go if you 're used to good Indian restaurant food from abroad .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
Over price , and small portions .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
Glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
Bravo , Blue Hill !
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
Wonderful !
but I would n't wan na live there .
Skip Nathan 's ... you can get that at the mall ... go to Bark .
They could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .
Great Shabu Shabu
The high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .
I lived in Maine for ten years and grew up on fish .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
I will definetly be going back .
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) .
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district - far better than any restaurant in the area .
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
Yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
Please save yourself the frustration .
Walk-ins are risky too .
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets , and Joya is the best .
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and did n't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .
Worse of all , $ 60 was erroneously added to our $ 80 bill .
Check out the secret back room .
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
Fish was overdone .
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that 's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
I had the Lamb special which was perfect .
Was n't going to share but I feel obligated ... while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
Great wine list and great cocktail menu .
I have been going there since it opened and I ca n't get enough .
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
Molto bene !
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins , inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent ?
You should pass on the calamari .
The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
Wonderful at holiday time .
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in NYC .
The $ 72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order .
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters , a great deal of mess ( stacks of bottles , cans ) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
Restaurant snobs need not bother , this is a small , neighborhood kind of place .
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train .
Great wine list , reasonably priced . -- Sara
Inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
The Dancing , White River and Millenium rolls are musts .
The restaurant is cute but not upscale .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
It wo n't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food .
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
But , they were too big for the bun .
the food - not worth the price .
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST .
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others , but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation .
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart .
Its dark , and cozy . . there is always jazz music playing when we go .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
It 's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions , but we 've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years .
Also they were $ 15 each !
highly recommended .
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
The food is excellent !
My mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being Indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .
Never again !
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .
my picks are : - Scallion Pancake ( fried with vegetable juice , very special and tasty ) - Guizhou Chicken - Shredded Squid Family Style ( one of my personal favorites ) - Sichuan Spicy Soft Shell Crab - Shuizhu Fish ( this one is for hardcore Sichuan food fans , I would n't recommend to my American friends as it 's very spicy .
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak ( I tried them ALL ) .
It 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
OK , I 've been to Dumont a few times now .
The sauces used are also not that exciting .
Outstanding Bagels , but you get what you pay for .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
We recently spent New Year 's Eve at the restaurant , and had a great experience , from the wine to the dessert menu .
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening .
As BFC does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
The restaurant could use a little paint , but all in all a great sushi place !
Both are delicious , the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand .
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
It 's better than being on the roof of Sutton Place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night .
Best hot dogs in the tri-state area .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
I care more about the food and ambience .
We 've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there .
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
You 'll be ther for every anniversary , birthday , valentines day ...
Appetizer are excellent here ; you can make a great ( and inexpensive ) meal out of them .
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
Will give it another chance before I write it off .
Great deal !
The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already , you know it 's going to be good .
So all I 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
I was there on sat .
Boy was I wrong !
I 've eaten at all three locations and I always love , love the food , the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable .
wont come back again for sure !
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing ... their Pizza .
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes .
If you are here as a pre-show meal , hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location .
It 's cute and simple and I loved it .
You want to have a real hot dog in Brooklyn ?
The wife had the risotto which was amazing .
Jimmy is Dominican !
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
My father had the flank steak which was very good , and my mother had the swordfish .
It is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet - go late and it will be packed !
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience !
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME !!!!
Not to be overlooked , the service is excellent .
This was one of the BEST restaurants I 've ever been to .
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
I love this place
A word to the wise : you ca n't dine here and disturb the maitre-D 's sense of " table turnover " , as whacked as it is , or else .
At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just can not go wrong .
The sake ’s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world .
No apologies during restaurant week .
However , the food and service and dramatically lacking .
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful ?
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese !
The ceiling is amazing !
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price .
Terrible would be a compliment !
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
this place ... we stumbled upon it on labor day weekend .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
The food was definitely good , but when all was said and done , I just could n't justify it for the price ( including 2 drinks , $ 100/person ) ...
Only complaint is the pricing -- I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .
We bring in a party of ten or so every week .
The sushi is also great !
You can not go wrong with this place .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
Service was excellent , and the AC worked very well too ( thank God , it was hot ! ) .
We went to Ino for Valentines .
We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date .
Amazing food .
I had my eyes on this place , promising myself I will one day ' give it a try . '
Too bad I had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
I go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .
I would highly recommend .
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones .
their brunch menu had something for everyone .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC .
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it 's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
You can not go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .
If celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .
Has the chef and owner changed ???
A + + The service was good to excellent along with the attitude .
As to my comment about the food , no apology or acknowledgment was made .
Disappointingly , their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
Service is average .
The dim sum is ok but does n't taste that fresh , and the little dishes do n't look steamy hot as they should ( also note lack of Chinese here ) .
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
Weekends can get crowded , but still highly recommended .
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
Bring your appetites .
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair .
Five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a Thursday evening .
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city .
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
Oh , and there 's hookah .
The fish was adequate , but inexpertly sliced .
I do n't remember what we had ; nothing was memorable .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
The food was actually aweful .
If this restaurant was in Manhattan , I would definitely go more often .
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
In addition , the food is very good and the prices are reasonable .
Yeah , it 's that good .
The waiters were very professional , courteous and attentive .
We were 10 people celebrtating a birthday , we sat in the tent .
The other times I 've gone it 's romantic date heaven , you can walk in get a booth by the windows , be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place , with great food and service .
The fried rice is amazing here .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
good food good wine that 's it .
amazing fun for hot dog lovers of all ages PLEASE do yourself a favor and check this place out !!!!
Just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
If that 's a problem , go to McDonald 's and destroy your insides .
Kind , attentive wait staff .
On a recent Saturday night , I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar .
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
When I called this morning , I did n't think I would be able to get in at 12 , but I was able to get in , along with four other guests .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place .
On that scale , it 's a world-beater .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
The waiters are sweet , the food is tasty and the bill is never too large .
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast .
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
In the summer months , the back garden area is really nice .
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining .
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant , and passing by it on a daily basis , we decided to try .
Well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
It was divine melts in your mouth .
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food .
They 've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods .
The makhani was OK -- the korma was bland .
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
Another review here claimed the pre-fix was $ 29/per person including sake but it is $ 55 per person not including sake .
Seating is always prompt , though the restaurant does fill up in the evening .
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
It just was n't Thai .
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past .
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
When you enter , you feel like you have entered your mom 's kitchen .
I 've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait .
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
Everything we had was good or ok .... but definitely nothing great .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here .
The only drawback is that it 's a little pricey .
As far as the service goes , the waitresses were not particularly friendly , but they got the job done .
In fact , two people could really share one plate .
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
Overall , not worth the money .
The food options rule .
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly I might add ) .
Go inside and you wo n't want to leave .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
If only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and do n't want to bother going farther for a better place .
However , once I received my predictably mediocre order of what Dokebi thinks passes as Korean fair , ( sometimes you have to settle when it 's your only option ) , I got through about half my kimchee before I found a piece of random lettuce accompanied by a far more disgusting , slimy , clearly bad piece of fish skin .
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
Sure , everyone 's got their favorite , but to know Sal , is to know New York .
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch !
I have eaten at some of the ' best ' sushi joints in NYC ( Nobu , Bond Street , JewelBako , etc ) and Yamato is my favorite .
it is not consistent .
Acceptable prices .
I 've been to Joya twice and I will never go again .
. the best I 've found outside of the Chinatown masters .
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . . .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh .
Really cool stauff inside .
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk .
I was highly disappointed by their service and food .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
But they do .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
But , hey , there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria .
Amazing !
If you go for the pre-theatre menu , it 's an even greater deal .
Cute and decorative .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
Good luck getting a table .
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
This place survives on reputation alone .
Kudos Haru
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
I noted it was crossed off on the bill .
The first time I went , and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere , I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village , and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality , I have been hesitant to be disloyal .
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches .
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy .
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
They have some great entrees here as well .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort .
My party had the BBE $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !
The Halibut was too salty , dessert was so so ( do n't waste any of your calories ) and service was poor .
But people from Sichuan will die for it ) - Chongqing Hot Pot , chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan , now became an independent province .
The wine the service was very good too .
I never used to be a fan of sakes but am lately experimenting with it a lot more and am acquiring a better taste of it .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
Killer Sushi !
The potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
Was surprisingly disappointed .
And comparing it to the Chinatown restaurants is simply not fair .
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze ( they told me that if I call in the order , they 'd bring it out to the car so I would n't have to look for parking ) .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag , the food was overpriced , there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
This place is a great stop for great food .
I have n't been to the other locations .
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
Then , to top things off , she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes .
Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
And I 've been to many NYC delis .
I would go back tho .
Personally I like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .
This place started off a little iffy , but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in NYC ( and I 'm indian , so I should know ) .
I take all my NYC guests to VT 's .
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .
Nice value .
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere ( Anywhere ) .
Favorite Sushi in NYC
All in all , I do n't see how you can go wrong .
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
i recommend the thai popcorn : )
If you live outside the neighborhood , do n't bother !
Southern Indian cuisine is still there , too .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no ...
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city .
If you are a carnivore , come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been .
We refused to pay for it because at this point it had nothing to do with the food anymore .
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
There are many french bistros in the midtown area , and I wholheartedly recommend this one .
The design of the space is good .
The service is awful .
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about .
The pizza was great .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice .
Great food , great waitstaff , great atmosphere , and best of all GREAT beer !
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
We always enjoy the pizza .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
So sorry I ca n't rate this better .
Patsy 's Pizza = true love
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
I will definetely go back again and again , that 's for sure !!!
I like Mamoun 's food as well , but side by side , Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
He ca n't help , they 're bought up so fast .
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
Avoid this place !
They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .
in conclusion , THIS PLACE SUCKS !!!
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
To be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
I wish I could like this place more , and I wish someone would retrain the staff .
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
Went there for an office lunch .
we spent 50 $ $ definetly will come back with my friends !!!
Faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
While the smoothies are a little big for me , the fresh juices are the best I have ever had !
I would recommend to ask for a bigger sitting area when you make a reservation ( if possible )
While the menu is n't especially groundbreaking , everything I 've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty .
Vanison was good but not amazing .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
Unique apppetizers .
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
please do n't fool us .
People in the neighborhood seem to love it , too .
I only have friends .
Love Al Di La
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
During our trip to NYC , we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the Four Seasons for their pre-theater menu ( offering a modified menu for $ 65 pp ) .
Check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .
We were very pleasantly surprised .
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre .
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
Unfortunately , we chose this spot for lunch as we had done a lot of walking and ended up at the South St Seaport .
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings , the orange chicken/beef , and the fried rice .
i had a delicious shrimp creole .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
The staff is very kind and well trained , they 're fast , they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks , they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood .
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers .
The staff is also attentive and friendly .
The music was fascinating , but left room for conversation , and the bartender made superb drinks .
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
Go to japanese sushi place or Spanish tapas place - this creation in Williamsburg is a misstake .
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean .
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
I will be returning .
Fantastic place .
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant .
It was huge , delicious , fresh , and will be the reason we return .
We were less than impressed .
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .
I ate here a week ago and found most dishes average at best and too expensive .
great neighbhorhood spot .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
the food is delicious and highly recommended .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had .
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect .
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
The Pastrami sandwich was like buttah and with pickles and an icy cold beer to wash it down , it was a pleasurable experience .
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
Both were very good , but nothing you could n't get at similar restaurant .
I 'm from England , and Haru 's was the best I had in NYC .
The lox is always fresh too .
but still my date was bad
Look elsewhere .
It appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
I for one will never patronize them again .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
Lives up to the hype
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home ( it reheats really well also ) .
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top ??
really depends on your luck !
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
The closest that I got was the Cherry Marscapone , but they were out of it that day .
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing !!
My suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
It is sometimes a little cramped , and can get a little warm , but hello , it 's NYC !
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin , which was heavenly at sushi rose .
Eating in , the atmosphere saves it , but at your desk , it 's a very disappointing experience .
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .
We would return to this place again !
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
Food is great and inexpensive .
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
They do cater to American palates , but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige !
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
This place has been around for a few years .
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
less wait time for me !
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
Not impressed with the food .
I have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
Fish is so very fresh .
Fish is so very fresh .
They are by far the BEST past in New York .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
go here for the drinks !
Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square , which is a shame since I do n't love this area .
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
This place is worth going even if only for their beer .
Do n’t go to this place !
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
I have been to Mary 's many times and I like it .
Big thumbs up !
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
Very nice touch that very much fits the place .
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
However , the service is absolutely horrible .
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays !
The $ 300 bill was a bit steep , but the experience was great .
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
I do not recommend .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
And that 's no mean feat ...
The prices are wonderfully low .
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price .
One of my Fav spots in the city .
We did arrive late for our reservation so I can not complain too much about the wait for a table .
If you are in a big group , this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here .
There are no negatives to speak of .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
I will go back to Suan soon !
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
Go here .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
it 's delicious !
No thanks !!!
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary .
I love the fact that the pizza tastes so good and is so cheap .
I 'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much .
I love this place more and more everytime i go .
Raymond the bartender rocks !
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
It 's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials .
The chicken lollipop is my favorite , most of the dishes ( I have to agree with a previous reviewer ) are quite oily and very spicy , espeically the Chilli Chicken .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
Everything is delicious , though , my gf and I come here once a week sometimes - you will get addicted !
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown .
The BEST Chinese food Uptown !
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
Romantic if you want it to be ( brightly lit ) .
They kindly brought us more to see if it was better , but it was not !
They charge different prices all the time .
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
I loved this place !!
I asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if I like Uni . (
You have to increase the service a lot .
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience .
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible .
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
It 's only $ 1.95 for a regular slice and $ 4.00 for a slice with a mushroom , not mushrooms .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
Taxan delicious !
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
The reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews .
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
Please be aware that it 's CASH or AMEX only !
but for the value , it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group .
I will definetly be going back .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
I ca n't stand this dungeon .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked .
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face .
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .
Instead of wasting your time here : SUPPORT RESTAURANTS THAT CARE ABOUT FOOD .
The decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining .
Great vibe , lots of people .
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Sexy .
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that 's just it -- the PAST !
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
Pizza was a little soggy .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes , and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating ( a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere , so I try to ignore it ) .
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt , we got seated right away and the server was very friendly .
The prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
Stick to the items the place does best , brisket , ribs , wings , cajun shrimp is good , not great .
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced .
If you go here , do it on his off-night .
The main entree was also very good .
This place has the best Indian food in New York , hands down .
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out .
I 've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime !
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
While there 's a decent menu , it should n't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room .
The specials are usually quite good too .
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
Even when the chef is not in the house , the food and service are right on target .
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao 's would be if it had n't turned exclusive .
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience .
Check it out .
I recieved prompt service with a smile .
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
The restaurant was quiet and intimate .
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious ) .
This is a twenty-something guy that does n't mind laying down $ 300 for a fine and delicious meal for 2 on special occassions .
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
This guy refused to seat her and she left , followed shortly by the four of us , but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel , including Paris , that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant .
Unfortunately , with our show tickets , we did n't have time to sample any desserts .
Good food .
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
Searching to get out from the cold , freezing weather , we went into what we thought was a deli .
Love the scene first off - the place has a character and nice light to it . . very fortunate , location wise .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
Have to tell you : Not at all impressed .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
Try the tandoori salmon !
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed .
I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion !
Celebrated my fathers birthday here .
Do n't look down your nose at me like that ...
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly .
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
The setting is casual and romantic .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city ( Seattle ) , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
Not cheap , but not that expensive either .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from , but we had been there less than an hour and they had n't even brought us a check yet !
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family .
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking .
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size .
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
The sangria 's - watered down .
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
It 's popular w/the late crowd .
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
We arrived and were seated immediately , which made us both happy .
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
We will come back !!!
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
I asked for a menu and the same waitress looked at my like I was insane .
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had !
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
Somewhat disappointing wine list ( only new vintages .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience .
It is so romantic .
It 's always quiet because it 's awful .
I love Ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to Murray 's for convenience .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you .
I have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
So if you want a nice , enjoyable meal at Montparnasse , go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe .
A nice space , as long as it does n't get too crowded and a singleminded devotion to its chosen cuisine make Mare a great choice for seafood lovers .
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
Fine , I wont hang you for that .
Probably would not go again ...
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future .
A big disappointment , all around .
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .
You will not be disapointed at all .
A pleasant surprise .
Unbelievable .
Zero ambiance to boot .
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
Just straight up cheap , good food .
The corned beef was tender and melted in my mouth .
Straight-forward , no surprises , very decent Japanese food .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
I love the place .
Owner is pleasant and entertaining .
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
For those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all I can say is that they just do n't get it .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
Just wish they 'd expand .
Went for Mom 's birthday brunch/lunch .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
This place is cool enough to be in the East Village , but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris .
What more could you want ?
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
Loved it !
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
Go , go , hurry , before everyone finds out about it .
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
I would definitely recommend Mary 's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts .
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible !
This place has great indian chinese food .
I was n't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special , but Tuesday Night .
Do n't go .
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended ... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly !
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
Mistakes happen , but they are usually accompanied by an apology , perhaps even a glass of wine ... but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff .
Everyone must come here at least once .
Whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be .
10
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth 's is the Strip House .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant .
Finally a curry that I can eat , enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later .
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
For desserts , we tried the frozen black sesame mousse ( interesting but not extraordinary ) and matcha ( powdered green tea ) and blueberry cheesecake , which was phenomenal .
I have been twice to this restaurant .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
Anyway , the owner was fake .
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
The bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
Everything looks great , the drinks , the decor , the food , even the people .
Food portion was SMALL and below average .
Everytime my husband and I go there , we are never disappointed .
As a student in NYU i need a place to eat after a hard day of work so usually i just go to any indian restraunt near by .
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
This place is a great bargain .
A defitely must visit .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
I grew up on these bagels .
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
You can do it here .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
Overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything , I mean everything was excelent.I
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
People are always friendly .
Great food , great prices , great service .
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us .
The food is great and reasonably priced .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they 're doing .
THE BEST PLACE TO BRING KIDS OR ANY FRIENDS WHO WANT TO DO SOMETHING DIFFERENT .
This is one of my favorite spot , very relaxing the food is great all the times , celebrated my engagement and my wedding here , it was very well organized .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
The food was good .
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion ( and price ) .
i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .
Their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
Decent wine selection too .
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
It 's not mind-blowing , but to me , thai food never is and never will be .
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as I love La Pizza Fresca ) .
But too far east !
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly .
Salads were fantastic .
It 's constantly open , catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect ( i.e. , surprisingly fresh ) .
The wine is always good , the tapas are always yummy , especially with the warm pita bread .
There are other people waiting !
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster .
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis , definitely not edible by a human .
Service is usually pretty good .
Did n't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
Service is not what you are coming here for ...
But $ 1 for each small piece ???
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
The chicken dinner was real good .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
The fried rice is really good too .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
I will never visit this restaurant again .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
You will find yourself returning quite often .
the atmosphere is very nice , and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall .
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
Pizza here is consistently good .
I have never eaten in the restaurant , however , upon reading the reviews I got take out last week .
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
I was there on sat . for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .
This restaurant used to be pretty decent .
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews , I felt there was more than enough food .
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .
I 've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years : A new Jazz Bar , the most fantastic Dining Garden , the Best Thin Crust Pizzas , and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for ( these are not your average lasagnas ) !
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
Great beer selection too , something like 50 beers .
I need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
Food took some time to prepare , all worth waiting for .
Always popular , always full , always a wait .
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .
the food is always fresh ...
There was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
Been there , done that , and New York , it 's not that big a deal .
It 's true , you feel like your in a scene from Goodfellas .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
It is thick and slightly soggy .
The best part of the experience was knowing that the manager ( a bubbly , friendly young woman with a great smile ) truly cared about how we were doing .
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
Overall , this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been .
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else .
I have been going back again and again .
It ’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles ' heel .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
Expensive
If you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
I do n't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron 's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff ( more than the price ) .
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table .
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary .
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
A must try !
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou .
We were pleasantly greeted .
Unique apppetizers .
Stick to the gulab jamun .
Too cold to enjoy .
They 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint , food was well-prepared and - presented and the service was pleasant and prompt .
Authentic bistro !
15 % gratuity automatically added to the bill .
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
Sake collection was excellent ( Try Nanbu Bijin ) , but pricy .
I 'm no food critic , but I 'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years .
I 'm sure I 'll return for a final judgement tho .
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew ; salads-all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day ( they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot ) .
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker , we were seated at a table with one of the best view !
Everything was going good until we got our meals .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
MMmmm ... it was delicious .
Service has always been friendly and efficient .
I had a great experience .
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody .
( La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico ) .
The waitress was not attentive at all .
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .
They wouldnt even let me finish my glass of wine before offering another .
It is simply amazing .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
My friends and I showed up on a Sat .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
The wine list is also really nice .
during busy hrs , i recommend that you make a reservation .
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it .
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly , she knows what my regular is and that 's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
We ordered a tuna melt - it came with out cheese which just made it a tuna sandwich .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
Good for a quick sushi lunch .
Also , I personally was n't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole .
Probably would not go back here .
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual .
The food is all-around good , with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
A mix of students and area residents crowd into this narrow , barely there space for its quick , tasty treats at dirt-cheap prices .
We ordered dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
And all of that wo n't break your bank !
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service .
The omlette for brunch is great ...
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
I often go there to eat with my family .
I 've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never , ever dissapointed me .
Staff is very accomodating .
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery , and was n't all that impressed .
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks .
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed .
Just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants .
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out .
The lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
And its absolutely DELICIOUS .
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
$ 170 down the toilet ...
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing , really good meal .
The food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice .
However , I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant .
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
Get the tuna of gari .
A big disappointment , all around .
Save your money and do n't waste your calories , go to Margharita 's on Washington Street instead , they have amazing food and the BEST service .
I go back in line like three times on average until I ca n't walk anymore .
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
Such a disappointment ...
I in all reality felt as if I had just gotten off Air France and was in the 8th District in Paris .
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
The food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
This place has the best pizza .
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy !
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
This is the first time Citysearch did ' t call it right .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
The place just is n't ready for prime time .
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified .
We will go back every time we are in the City .
It was divine melts in your mouth .
My husband and I have been there a couple of times and each time we sat at the sushi bar ( chef Yoshi ) and ordered everything ala carte .
At peak times , the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close .
This is probably one of my new favorite places .
We order a bit of everything on the menu .
What a great place !
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad ( including asking for salad dressing ) and was instead given a quesedilla .
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot !!!!
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
They charge $ 6.00 for rice .
even the wine by the glass was good .
The sauce is excellent ( very fresh ) with dabs of real mozzarella .
Wonderful at holiday time .
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service ...
I wish they had one near my office - I would go everyday .
Great vibe , lots of people .
I ca n't believe that it was , but please put the bag down before delivering food !
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
I do n't get it , what 's so special about Prune ?
The pizza 's are made fresh , crispy , and ready to serve .
We 'd go back again
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you ’re no longer in the city .
Perhaps the last reviewer ( who stated she was treated with attitude ) lives in a parallel universe because I have never had anything but a perfect experience at Yasuda .
I came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
The food was good too .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL ( OR BAD SERVICE ) @ PIGALLE .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
Went with mommy ( the only person who could afford taking me here ) .
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing .
The selection of food is excellent ( I 'm not used to having much choice at restaurants ) , and the atmosphere is great .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
The food was wonderful and imaginative .
Pizza was a little soggy .
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
My six year old loved it .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
However , most of them are at least prompt and pleasant .
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
The palak paneer was standard , and I was not a fan of the malai kofta .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business !
In fact there is only one I 've tried that even compares ( shabu Tatsu ) and even then I prefer Dokebi .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
The food is top notch , the service is attentive , and the atmosphere is great .
Based on a visit a month ago , I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed .
It 's just everything ... the food , the atmosphere ... the incrediby kind and gracious hostess .
The food was absolutely horrible !
I do n't think I would go again .
Anyway , this is the last time I cross the williamsburg .
Anyhow , we were able to sit as long as we wanted and chat , which was nice .
SUM IT : do n't read the ' 10 's ' reviews , try it to judge for yourself so you wo n't have as hi expectations , then you 'll be sure to enjoy it .
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth .
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings !!!
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
This place is incredibly tiny .
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
I know because I live nearby .
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it .
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i 'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
I 've been to this monster sushi twice , the 46th st once , the 23rd st one a number of times .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
We ordered our appetizers , I ordered the chicken and my boyfriend the salmon .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
Cute and decorative .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
This place was reccomended to me by a friend .
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Slow service , but when you 're hanging around with groups of 10 or 20 , who really notices ?
Would not recommend anyone to go .
One caveat : Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh .
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato ( with espresso ) , which were tasty , but I thought a bit overpriced .
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
( $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks ) .
I 'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly , courteous and efficient .
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
this one is definintely my least favorite .
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I could n't believe the food .
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES .
Reasonable prices .
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
Very good value
Try the cheesecake !
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $ 6.25 .
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
The food is great .
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
My friends and I came across this place while walking in the village .
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
After the review I treked into Brooklyn .
They treated us well and the food was extremely fresh and well-prepared .
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
the spinach is fresh , definately not frozen ...
Service is top notch .
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter .
and never strayed .
An excellent service
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
If you are going for the food , it will not be worth it .
My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend .
Priced at upper intermediate range .
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
You 're going to drop some coin , but completely worth it , especially if you are looking to impress someone .
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
To dine at Thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
Horrible food and Horrible service .
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten .
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
It 's very spicy but not offensive .
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly .
the all-u-can-eat sushi is definitely in very poor quality .
A fairly late entry into the haute barnyard sweepstakes , Flatbush Farm is n't in the same league as the Blue Hills or even the Farm on Adderlys of the world , but it 's pretty good , albeit with a somewhat dismal setting .
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed .
Oh , but wait , we were out of drinks ( which were also delightfully overpriced ) .
Everything is excellent , the menu is quite extensive , and you eat with a view on both sides of the city .
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
Super YUMMY Pizza !
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients .
You ca n't go wrong here .
Tasty but expensive .
We left , never to return .
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
Three strikes and this restaurant is out .
What more could you want ?
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
Sit outside in the warm weather ; inside for cozy winter .
They are FAST .
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience .
I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach .
limited menu , no-so-fresh ingredients , thinly-sliced fish , fall-apart rice .
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners !
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS .
Fresh , mind blowing flavors .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
The foie gras was sweet and luscious .
I have never better enjoyed humble root vegetables or a mushroom consomme - and this chef accomplishes without fats .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
Be careful of portions - they 're HUGE .
Have the iced tea .
This was a great surprise .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
And the bill was outragous .
The menu looked good , except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass , but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside .
It is also extremely well priced .
We love it , and took buses and cabs to get there .
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
Trust me , it will be great , and all of it will be devoured in no time .
Not what I wanted to hear .
My bf and I go to the walk-up counter and order a pie .
Over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
Went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal .
What generous portions !
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
Enjoyed a very nice Caesar Salad while my wife had arugula and goat cheese .... both very tasty .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
The waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but I 've never been dealt with rudely .
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
This was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
They do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
The Italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the UES ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
We will be back .
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! . .
I love it .
I 've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place ( except in a really bad dream ) .
I wish I COULD be refunded !
All are GREAT - poori , naan , paratha all FRESH .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
The decor is night tho ... but they REALLY need to clean that vent in the ceiling ... its quite un-appetizing , and kills your effort to make this place look sleek and modern .
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .
Ahhh ...
The food however , is what one might expect .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
Recommendations , of course , are required !
I was with a party of 7 ( close but not next the the front doors ) and we were eating with our coats on .
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
The music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as I did , I got a whiff of corriander .
While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
A hearty two thumbs up !
The Cypriot restaurant has a lot going for it .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf ( ok bad joke ) , but you will see .
Service was prompt and courteous .
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have .
SO GOOD
I HATE HATE HATE this place .
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
Chinatown definitely has better quality with cheaper prices .
I have been going back again and again .
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
All in all a wonderful experience , ca n't wait to come back .
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
I heartily recommend .
When the main course finally arrived ( another 45mins ) half of our order was missing .
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry , inedible chicken with terrible sauce .
Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria , but facing away from the bar when we turned back around , the $ 2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it .
This place is worth an one-hour drive .
Moving on .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
THE FOOD PORTIONS ARE REALLY LARGE .
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special , we limited ourselves to several appetizers .
We did have to wait at the bar for approx .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
Yes , they 're a bit more expensive then typical , but then again , so is their food .
Where Gabriela personaly greets you and recommends you what to eat .
Plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
So , if yo really do n't care who is sittingnext to you , which is about 2 inches away , I would say try it .
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
( and I have eaten my share ) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
But too far east !
Delivery is fast too .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good .
The service we experienced was friendly and good .
Tasty Dog !
Believe me , they live up to the name .
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
I absolutely love this place !!!
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
For the price you pay for the food here , you 'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants .
The waiter was attentive .
The food 's as good as ever .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
We got most of it back at home with us .
We liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York .
I have never had cheescake like this .
If you live in Upper Manhattan , Siam Square is THE place for Thia food .
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
Dinner took almost 4 hours without any lag time .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place , the service it 's just perfect ... they 're so frendly that we never want to live the place !
" The menu includes pub fare -- burgers , steaks and shepherds pie -- and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as " vegetarians .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN , THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DO N'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE .
The food is spectacular , from the appitizers to the main course , and then of course the desserts , ( WOW ) you 'll need no more .
For $ 600 ( the most we have ever paid ) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance .
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
Everything we had was pretty good , but we have only been there once .
You can not go wrong with this place .
We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied .
I recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ' doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
The food was good , the service prompt , and the price very reasonable .
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .
All of it was simply amazing , unique and tasty and best of all it did n't break the bank .
I liked the beer selection !
I could n't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends , who was in mid bite , to clear the table .
It has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines ( primarily Spanish ) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
I will be back !
Overall , the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves .
and we were thouroughly disapointed .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
Great pizza for lunch place .
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
Went there for an office lunch .
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
I went for restaurant week .
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent .
We 've always gotten amazing service and we love the food .
It 's a great place to order from or sit-in .
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
I was pleasantly suprised .
We were exploring Grand Central and did n't want to eat in the food court .
But the staff was so horrible to us .
excellent tapas at great prices , romantic , small but not overly crowed , excellent
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again .
Wonderful menu , warm inviting ambiance , great service the FOOD keeps me coming back !
I/we will never go back to this place again .
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience .
In fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
No dress codes , no attitudes , plenty of comfort companionship , a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown .
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
Dessert was also to die for !
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe 's may not be your favorite .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
We were very pleasantly surprised .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .
Great pizza and fantastic service .
Not only would I not recommend Jimmy 's restaurants to friends , I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
Entrees : Vanison steak and Bison Steak .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
I 've never been treated so rudely .
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
When you want a piece of beef , head on over .
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
fine dining restaurant quality .
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
Yum , the chicken is great here .
This place is great .
Our waiter was horrible ; so rude and disinterested .
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .
Great service , great food .
Better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
This establishment is the real deal .
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options .
A small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
Once we finally got a table , despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed !
A guaranteeed delight !
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it !
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .
At $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you 're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture .
This was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
The Management was less than accomodating .
Got club soda , filled with ice , no lime .
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps .
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine , for the price paid , I expected it to have some type of flavor .
But , they were too big for the bun .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect .
i 've noticed megadeth , mr. scruff , st. germain , traditional vietnamese songs , black sabbath , jay-z , and daft punk all being played .
Food is great .
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience !!!
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date .
Delicious crab cakes too .
Secondly , on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume .
Went last Thursday .
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager , but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up .
Service was prompt and courteous .
A pleasant surprise .
But nonetheless -- great spot , great food .
They have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant .
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
All I can say is they are fantastic .
I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall .
I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there .
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
And it was quick which is very important .
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects .
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this , but the second visit was even worse .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had !!
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
Try the rose roll ( not on menu ) .
The staff is very friendly .
I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it .
It is expensive but well worth the money .
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
His food is excellent ( and not expensive by NYC standards - no entrees over $ 30 , most appetizers $ 12 to 14 ) .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga ...
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the " free " appetizer of olives was disappointing .
It was wonderful .
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat .
The service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess .
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars .
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
I 've had better Japanese food at a mall food court .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
Everyone I bring here always loves it .
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
Casa La Femme is to middle eastern dining what Chuckie Cheeze is to italian .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
Priced at upper intermediate range .
Quick and friendly service .
No plans to return anytime soon .
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .
It 's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours ( especially in downtown Brooklyn ) .
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food , and there was no one to recommend any wine .
I recommend it !
Atmosphere is a bore .
No , really .
Ruby Foo 's is a tourist trap .
I love this cozy around the way Rest .
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x .
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .
Okay , so I never write but there does n't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it 's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown .
We were wondering why they were there to make our dining experience miserable ?
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you 're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz ' Deli , or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants .
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill .
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .
Fresh veggies , all sorts of middle eastern spreads , cheese and falafel , soup , fish , rice , root vegetables , a rice medley , some spinach thing , lamb kebabs , cheese baclava ... soooo much fooood , and all of it delicious .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
Will have to return to try the chocolate !
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing .
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
and i have been around the block , to say the very least .
But I 'd go back
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
supercilious scorn is in .
It is quite a spectacular scene i 'll give them that .
One less manhattanite the better .
In fact , this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable .
The waiter actually poured water on my hand and walked away .
My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes ( at the most ) of hanging up the phone .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
Its located in greenewich village .
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore .
Not too crazy about their sake martini .
Not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy .
service was efficient courteous .
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
Keep up the good work guys !
But on a lazy Saturday night , we ended up going .
We generally like good restaurants and eat out often but Kai was way to expensive for what we got .
I definitely enjoyed the food as well .
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
the pad se ew chicken was delicious , however the pad thai was far too oily .
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
Spice is sleek , modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
Being Puerto Rican I know a thing or two about flan and this place serves one of the best ( I hope Mom does n't read this ! ) .
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes .
Also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .
I 'm going back .
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
The wait staff was very attentive and polite .
Still we keep going back : )
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
Warning : You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu !
We had Lava Cake ... we ordered when our food came it takes at least a 1/2 to make it .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
Authentic Pakistani food .
We had a very nice time .
I would not expect this for a $ 55 dinner .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
We all ate pasta entre'es , which were great .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
Service not the friendliest to our " large party " !
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
Chinese Desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
JUST AWSOME .
After a seafood craving , i checked citysearch and chose to go to Fish based on a previous review and the citysearch info .
A very inviting restaurant , with friendly service .
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
great food , lt 's of it , more then one person can eat !
Just straight up cheap , good food .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .
DO N'T KNOW WHAT THE OTHERS ON THE BLOCK WERE LIKE BUT WE WERE PLEASED WITH OUR CHOICE .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
The food here was great , a treat from beginning to end .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
Will prob . not return but it is a great dinning experience to try atleast once .
Oh right , I should probably say something nice .
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE .
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
I will not be coming here at 3am again .
Skip Baroanda down the street ( Eurotrashy , snooty and expensive ) and check this place out !
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars !
It 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
The bagel was huge .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
How do you rate home ?
We were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
I really liked this place .
Finally let into the store 5 at a time , to buy expensive slices from a harried staff .
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
The atmosphere is warm , comfortable , artsy and sexy .
I know because I live nearby .
The service , however , is a peg or two below the quality of food ( horrible bartenders ) , and the clientele , for the most part , are rowdy , loud-mouthed commuters ( this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff ) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game .
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
Open late ( well as late as I ever got there and I 'm a night person )
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York .
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .
Fast service .
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store .
Their duck here is also absolutely delicious .
But do n't ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
Great find in the West Village !
The food was just OK , I would never go back .
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth !
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
A classic !
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
I loved it .
Great restaurant , and even greater food !
We did tip , I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager .
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
Definitely something to come down and check out .
Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago .
Food was decent , but not great .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
I love this place .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
I 've eaten at many different Indian restaurants .
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
The food 's as good as ever .
The counter service is bad .
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
Not worth it .
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .
Definately check it out !!!
Excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price .
The food at this place is ' gourmet ' Indian cuisine .
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City .
Actually , everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed .
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .
Apparently , the good cook works then .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
Unbelievable .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
However , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
My wife and I went to Water 's Edge for a romantic dinner .
You will not be missing anything .
Dessert : pure disaster .
Too bad Latin Quarters closed .
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .
Food is great and inexpensive .
Menus feature seasonal picks , like sweet corn-foie gras brulee .
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced .
But $ 1 for each small piece ???
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those .
Better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
A great addition to Smith Street : finally , a place that 's not pretentious and filled with women wearing Ugg boots .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6.95 .
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
expectations were real hi reading the ' 10 's ' .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
You will pay a lot for the decore , but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY .
Old school meets New world .
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better !
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
Highly recommended ... As stated , I have n't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place ; also , the bar looks nice .
Beautiful experience .
I went here for a family birthday dinner .
Amma has the worst value for money I have experienced in NYC over the past 2 years .
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
Run do n't walk .
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
Would definitely go back again .
The service was outstanding .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .
A beautiful atmosphere , perfect for drinks and/or appetizers .
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) !!!
first it took us a long time to find the place .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
The drinks are a saving grace , but service staff , please , get over yourselves .
( or sister , in my case ! ) .
This place is a great bargain .
The wait staff is very freindly , they make it feel like you 're eating in a freindly little european town .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
But , nothing stands out about the cooking .
the mushroom barley soup is amazing .
I recomend the chicken milanese .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
it 's delicious !
Its not the same if you have to sit inside .
Haru serves very fresh fish , has a trendy , modern ambiance , prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service .
it helps if you know what to order .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
I have to say the place was awesome .
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
After we ate our appetizers ( which took all of 8 minutes ) we ordered another round of Brahma 's - and tried to stall a little as we waited for our sixth dinner member .
Service is highly refined : our seating was delayed 35 minutes past our reservation and the maitre d' apologized and regularly kept us apprised of progress .
The place is a lot of fun .
For those of you who do n't know , Uni is Sea Urchin in Japanese , which happens to be my favorite . )
we love th pink pony .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
The service was attentive .
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly .
The food really is n't very good and the service is terrible .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
awesome
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked .
( that is A MUST , but not every restaurant can do ... )
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
Why do people rave about the ambience .
They seemed to continue to rush us along , taking plates without asking if we were done ( my sister still had her fork in hand ) .
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful .
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you do n't want to drop a ton of cash .
It does n't look like much on the outside , but the minute you walk inside , it 's a whole other atmosphere .
Faan is sooo good .
Great staff .
If you ' re in New York , you do not want to miss this place .
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results .
So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
good variety but nothing surprising .
For a Fabulous Wedding !
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
My husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .
Not pretentious and very economical .
We got most of it back at home with us .
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable .
Drinks : 2 glasses of Dom Perignon at $ 35 each .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
The lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine !!
Never again !
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
great taste
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town , this places wins hands-down .
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy , laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint .
Service is fast and friendly .
Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you have n't seen in a while .
The food was very well prepared .
You will find yourself returning quite often .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
wont come back again for sure !
And the food was fantastic .
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .
They are located in the middle of Chinatown !
The sushi is amazing !!!
Lexicographers take note : a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn .
Frankly , the chinese food here is something I can make better at home .
I 'm saving up for my next visit .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
I loved it and will be back soon .
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
Once you become a regular , you are treated as one .
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service .
It just was n't Thai .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
Best . Sushi . Ever .
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
The service is always great , and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning !
This is one of our all-time favorite .
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending !
I recommend it !
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad .
Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
Tuk Tuk is my second favorite neighborhood Thai place ( the first being Joya ) .
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one .
Small , bright , and clean , BZ Grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints , both in Astoria and out .
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
Found service above average , but that could be because we were 13 of us .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
Went to Village last night for my birthday .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
I do n't live in NY but my best friend does .
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
The food was good , the place was clean and affordable .
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating , not overbearing .
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
Decor is charming .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
I ca n't wait to go back .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
Although , one night we went it was super cheesy , and another night it was less cheesy .
Try their chef 's specials -- they are to die for .
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot .
I 'm from sichuan , this is the restaurant I recommend going .
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum !
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
Also they were $ 15 each !
Besides , we were on vacation !
I had the best ravioli ever .
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
Great Indian Food !
Most importantly , food is excellent .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
Great survice
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .
I come here enjoy very much with husband .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged .
However , it just so happens that there 's an even more amazing place just down the street .
Service was very friendly .
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
This place has beautiful sushi , and it 's delicious CHEAP .
From the moment you walk in , you feel like you 're in the perfect place .
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies ( although everyone is polite and no one is pushing ) is a slight turn off .
We all felt it was worth it .
It can not be the ambience , because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
Sure , the setting is nice .
Everything is very cheap .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
So I 've never actually been to M proper , but I 've had it delivered a few times .
Are you freaking kidding me ?
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood .
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
Go spend your money somewhere that really wows you .
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
Ca n’t believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients .
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC !
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter .
I had a great experience .
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
The whole experience was satisfying .
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
There 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent .
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good .
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
The room is a gorgeous , bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink .
If you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
I read about this place in Time Out magazine .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
This place is so much fun .
I 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish ( I 'm a daring eater but not THAT daring ) .
The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
Love YUKA .
I would highly recommend .
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
THe perfect spot .
The service was great as well .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
The design is very intimate and romantic .
I 've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer .
No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere .
Being from the south , there are n't any good delis in my area and while watching Foods across America on PBS I found out about Katz 's Deli .
On the recommendation of a friend , I checked out Arezzo with my wife .
highly recommended .
Way below average
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
Terrible Waste of money . . scammers
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
We loved it and will go back !
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune ?
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently .
The hostess was very pleasant .
No desert menu , no apology , nothing !!!!!!
The food is great and authentic .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
The aesthetics of this place are like an airport lounge .
The bar drinks were Eh , ok to say the least .
I recommend the black roasted codfish , it was the best dish of the evening .
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful , despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners .
Last time I went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
Speedy delivers , great food , decent prices , and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast .
I must warn the reader that the portions sizes are very small ( especially the appetizers ) , so if you plan to eat until you are full and do not intend to order the chef 's special tasting menu , prepare to order and pay for an appetizer ( 1 dish for each person because the portions are not for sharing ) , a main entree , and the cold udon at the end of the meal .
Starters : Kobe Beef Sashimi .
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
Good Food
I 'll keep this short .
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy .
What 's the difference between the two ?
so delicious !!!!!!
Fantastic !
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
Good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again !!
For those that go once and do n't enjoy it , all I can say is that they just do n't get it .
The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
It 's all about the food !!
skip dessert .
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location .
But now that it 's under new ownership and has been renovated , it looks great .
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
We were then shooed inside .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
it is not consistent .
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
Anywhere else , the prices would be 3x as high !
The caeser salad was great .
I think locals rate this place so high .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
Great place to relax and enjoy your dinner
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
Great food but the service was dreadful !
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal .
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there .
I live nearby and when they first opened , I ate there a lot .
Bay Terrace mall is nothing ( ok , almost nothing ) without it !
but the food was delicious .
I 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats , except at Taj Mahal .
If you are a vegetarian , this really is n't a good place to go .
now if they could only get a toaster .
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand .
No doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town , Spirit and Bateaux will be our destination .
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz ?
You 'll see a lot of people eating there after church .
You can do it here .
The DJ is awesome , I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
Conveniently located too , being right on Bedford ave.
I took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and I have never , in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms .
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
I really loved the different and inovated touch that 's the cheff gives to the food .
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 ( have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more ) I ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget If you never go , you 'll miss A Meal of your life time
cirspy crust margherita pizza
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
I 'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu !
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
Casablanca servces delicious falafel , tabouleh , humus and other Mediterranean delights , which are all very inexpensive .
Innovations are just as assured , from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon , beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce .
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho .
The atmosphere is attractive , but a little uncomfortable .
That place was awesome , , , sally !
I have been going to this restaurant for years , in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant .
Unhygienic
We go often for lunch and the place is packed .
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
BTW , the service is very good .
WE ENDED UP IN LITTLE ITALY IN LATE AFTERNOON .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
I recently visited over this past summer after being away for a year .
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
They also do a great job for restaurant week .
Loved it !
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind , Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
Cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .
The ambience is very calm and quiet .
ALWAYS full with tourists ( especially because of it 's close proximity to Rockefeller Center ) .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
A little crowded but they move that line really fast !
for Meetball Night .
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week .
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing .
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
Suan has challenged this loyalty .
My entire family was horrified .
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
Ummm ... the beer was cold .
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal , try the hot and sour soup .
Food was OK .
You will find everything about Trio to your liking !
It 's about $ 7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in .
The food was good overall .
When we arrived at 6:00 PM , the restaurant was practically empty .
Just do n't do it .
Over priced , overrated .... stay away !
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
The pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .
Great people watching as others do the same to you .
from an English speaking staff .
Having discovered Ping 's on the internet , we entered with qualms but were instantly put to ease by the fish tanks that greet you as u walk in .
I was pleasantly suprised .
The buffet had a nice selection .
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you 're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply-priced , generally friendly staff , and if you 're a Manhattanite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home ..... very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele ..... all on Roosevelt Avenue !
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the " salt encrusted shrimp " appetizer .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
Ahhh ...
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap ( though not extremely expensive either ) .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
So we sat at the bar , the bartender did n't seem like he wanted to be there .
The hot dogs are top notch , and they 're Slamwich is amazing !
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average .
I decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines .
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
if you 're looking for authentic hong kong-style food , look no further .
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush , this is not the place for you .
Definitely not a restaurant to skip !
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine .
The staff is very sharp and they look good too .
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
I noticed alot of indian people eatting there which is a great sign for an indian place !
The food was authentic .
Remind me of home .
moral stay away .
It 's no-fuss , fast and delicious .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
The food they serve is not comforting , not appetizing and uncooked .
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
If celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
Always busy but fast moving .
Maybe tomorrow ; - )
We did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert .
Which of course is not real Kobe but Wagyu beef .
Conveniently located too , being right on Bedford ave.
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC .
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return .
The fish was really , really fresh .
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp ( including wine ) , a solid deal as well .
I have never had cheescake like this .
Okay service .
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like .
THE LASAGNA WAS PROBABLY THE BEST I HAVE TASTED .
Feels like family when we go there .
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
Good food .
I went there after hearing how great it was .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time .
When I called this morning , I did n't think I would be able to get in at 12 , but I was able to get in , along with four other guests .
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito ( or tacos ) , margarita , and dessert .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
Even upon delivery , their juicy pork buns are quite good . .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here .
I 've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed .
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place !
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
My friend is 100 % right in the experience we had .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
The ambiance is minimal the food is not phenomenal , but some dishes are quite good , such as the eggplant parmesan , veal in carozza chicken saltimbocca .
You are treated just like royality .
If you can handle that , it 's a great place for a business dinner , fun with friends or simply a table for 2 .
Also very inexpensive .
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and Greek yogurt ( with cuccumber , dill , and garlic ) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
I love it .
In any event , even though its a bit on the pricey side , we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back .
Not worth it .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
Rather than eating the meat entree being offered , I requested a vegetarian dish .
I have been about 4 times and have always had a great meal .
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
Look , the appetizers were really good .
It 's all about the food !!
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
I would n't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy , too .
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style .
The food was excellent as well as service , however , I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed .
This is my fourth try over a two year period , and I 'm done .
I 've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby ( I live on UWS ) .
Just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants .
Chef Vincenzo , always there if you need him , is a real talent and a real Roman .
Faan is sooo good .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
After I paid for my purchase , I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie .
My wife and I visited Dokebi tonight .
We 'd go back again
Behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
I absolutely suggest this place .
I am Indian , and I have tried many Indian places in NY .
Good drink .
Katz 's has been a NYC original for over 100 years .
Sure enough , exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly .
It 's to die for !
The floor was wet , the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor , no soap , and no hand towels left .
I lived on 50th st , and wanted Indian one day so decided to check this place out .
We 've found it to be better and fresher than Kiku which is comparable in price .
I would go back .
Our last time there a few weeks ago was early at 5pm and it was very crowded and noisy .
The dessert ( we had a pear torte ) was good - but , once again , the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions .
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
Thank you everyone at Water 's Edge .
Place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic ...
The drinks are great , especially when made by Raymond .
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful .
The food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
Murray wo n't do it .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp .
I felt as though I were eating in Paris .
A beef Consomme .
We did n't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem .
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
Dug the blue bar area too .
The place is a lot of fun .
Inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
my favorite place lol
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
Not cheap but very yummy .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
We 'll definitly be back again !
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I 've ever been to , has a great variety of tasty , mouth watering pizza 's .
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends .
Satisfying .
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies !
And really large portions .
Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
I 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .
I 've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
I 've had better chicken at BBQs !!!!
you guys rock .
This made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .
It 's a great find in Astoria .
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
Loved It
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass ... which was very good .
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
Overall , worht every penny .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area .
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .
The food is delicious .
Go girls !!!
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity , elegance , and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size , Kai is your place .
Always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
Decor is charming .
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
Highly recommend it !
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi 's .
They treat me like family , morning and night .
The pizza was great .
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
Every time I visit NYC , I come here .
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
After so many great reviews here , my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite .
Overall the food quality was pretty good , though I hear the salmon is much better when it has n't sat cooling in front of the guest .
The service is great ( maybe even borderline nagging but at least you get attention ) , the desserts are excellent and the coffee is so very good ...
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
Try it !
Place is open till late , no dress code .
My GF and I dine at Bukhara often as she lives near it .
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
This is , by far , my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often !
We ate here in March , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
I love it .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
Once you try it for a special occasion beware . . you ca n't stop !
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience .
The service was attentive .
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
Good , fast service .
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses .
Try the ribs , sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice .
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Complimentary stuff kept coming , and when the waiter saw me opening a gift , I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it , with a candlevery nice touch , and attentive staff .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive ( considering we were the only ones there for the first hour ) .
There was no ambiance .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
Definately check it out !!!
Always great service !
We will definitely go back .
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers , right off of Pell St ( barber 's alley ) in Chinatown .
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner .
Definitely will be back !
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
Awesome
I was wrong .
Its good to go there for drinks if you do n't want to get drunk because you 'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
However , I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling .
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice .
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty . hmmm .
However , for what we spent , overall , it just was not up to par .
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance .
This is where the aforementioned line was .
They are often crowded on the weekends but they are efficient and accurate with their service .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
Would definitely visit again .
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
I do n't get it either .
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom !
When we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke .
No you 're going to go back because the food was good .
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi , seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice !
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well .
I highly recommend this restaurant !!
But the pizza is way to expensive .
Will never be back .
Overall , not worth the money .
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
Not only is the service great , but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable .
However , it was worth the visit .
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .
The have a great cocktail with Citrus Vodka and lemon and lime juice and mint leaves that is to die for !
Give it a try and enjoy .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
However , looking at the table next to ours , we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza , which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City ; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else .
My husband said he could 've eaten several more , the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had .
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly .
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely , food portions are so tiny , two people have trouble sharing one entree .
Disappointing food , lousy service .
great experience overall .
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines .
I pray it stays open forever .
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
This is where it really really gets bad : the manager said , there is absolutely nothing we can do , it 's a matter of taste that she did n't like it , and I can not comp it .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .
Love Pizza 33 . .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
Love it .
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too .
They used shredded cheese on top !
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine !!!
the two waitress 's looked like they had been sucking on lemons .
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
I found the food to be just as good as its owner , Da Silvano , just much less expensive .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant .
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
Most importantly , it is reasonably priced .
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
Service was quick .
The wine list is excellent .
After that she simply took our plates , walked away , came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it !!!!!!!!!!!!
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here .
If you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm .... . everything is just delicious .
Subtle food and service
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
Just stick with the small dishes !
If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT !!
There is " Expensive-but-worth-it " and there is " Expensive-and-WTF " ?
It 's to die for !
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
Would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
If just to drop in , quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over .
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree , which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better .
While most people can attest to spending over $ 50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing , the drinks here are plentiful and unique .
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes .
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
Cuisine is billed as asian fusion - does n't meet the bill .
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty .
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
esp . during happy hour !
I 've never been disappointed .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
By the time we were done , it was past 1:00 am .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
The staff offers impeccable service .
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day ?
The food is surprisingly good , and the decor is nice .
This place is so much fun .
( 2 ) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of Mott street just south of Canal .
You can not go wrong at the Red Eye Grill .
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
The staff was extremely friendly and pleasant .
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for .
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
It 's just O.K. pizza .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet .
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
But the meals were terrible .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I 'm in NYC .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
Curioni 's Pizza has been around since the 1920 's .
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo , actually the street is part of that adventure .
I generally like this place .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
Servers are all different , Greg is my favorite .
We all ordered different entrees so we could share .
The atmosphere is great if your looking for a laid back scene and an inexpensive way to spend a weekend afternoon .
The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
This place is not worth the prices .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
Try green curry with vegetables .
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date .
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
Go for it !
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
Thick fries , meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool , ultra-thick chocolate Frosty .
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food , but my friend who took me there is .
I highly recommend this beautiful place .
Ca n't wait to go back .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
Dokebi gives Williamsburg the right one-two punch of classic Korean food and fusion twists like pork belly tacos .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
While the $ 20 entree range is not overly expensive , in New York City , there is definitely better food in that range , and so Sapphire , despite it 's lovely atmosphere , will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return .
It 's one of our favorite places to eat in NY .
Her review is above .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
The one vegetarian entree ( Abby 's treasure ) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables .
The food tasted very good .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
The main draw of this place is the price .
Authentic Pakistani food .
We figured we never had Argentinian Pizza before so we grabbed our lunch there , sharing a large Pelligrino , a pizza of two of their specials , one was goat cheese the other blue cheese , and both were excellent .
I started going to dosa hut more after that .
The service is a quite slow , but friendly .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
I just had my first visit to this place and ca n't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu .
they did n't disappoint , service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table .
LOL
Best In ALL of NYC
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
I highly recommend it .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
And everytime I go there 's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front .
The room is a little plain , but it 's difficult to make such a small place exciting and I would not suggest that as a reason not to go .
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants , this is not the place for you .
It was raining , and we figured why not ?
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap ( undercooked ) beef .
My husband and I have been sold on this from the first visit .
They 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
You are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in Bay Ridge .
This place is to be avoided .
i would go again if i did n't have to pay .
I love going there !
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
In reality ( to maximize potential diners ) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
I absolutely Loved this place .
Check out the secret back room .
All the money went into the interior decoration , none of it went to the chefs .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
have always had a great time here .
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
Kudos to Po !
Good luck getting a table .
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY .
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
Maybe tomorrow ; - )
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
Interior was so so .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
i 'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i 've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning .
The frizzy retro girl ( with winged / Dame Edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that 's about 2 1/2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
I have eaten a lot of pizza here .
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us , and the food is wonderful , if not stunningly creative .
Always great service !
Service , however , was excellent ... and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
We will be back .
JUST AWSOME .
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
You will be very happy with the experience .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
I ca n't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
It was well worth the wait .
always fresh and delicious .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
I recommend any of their salmon dishes ......
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great .
Our waiter was helpful and charming , the food was perfect , and the wine was good , too .
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
The family seafood entree was very good .
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
Why ?
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
The hot dogs are good , yes , but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich , perfect on its supermarket squishy bun .
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners , which is not good considering the bill was nearly $ 100 .
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she " had a BBQ to go to " that night - WTF ??
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to , but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine .
Why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
I definitely would n't go back .
We were n't !
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic !!
I 'm telling you ...
I 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
It 's usually packed for good reason , esp .
Which lets face it .... at times it 's a good thing .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
Check it out
As much as I like the food there , I ca n't bring myself to go back .
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
Only wine and beer are served , but the house varities are actually quite good .
( 1 ) turnip cakes at the little kiosk on east side of Mott St. just south of bayard
Bill a little high , but worth it .
I definitely would n't go back .
Wine list is not huge but def well selected .
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
We had our Christmas party at Dos Caminos and it was wonderful .
This place is a must visit !
The sauce may not be for everyone , since it is distintive .
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating .
My Chelsea 's impressive and creative menu includes modern , Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean , Jap style hamburger steak , spicy cod roe spaghetti , black cod with miso base , and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce , to name a few .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud .
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
I 've waited over one hour for food .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
The food and service were fine , however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant .
This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street .
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine , and have been going back regularly ever since .
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA .
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown .
Food was okay , nothing great .
However , I think this place is a good hang out spot .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
Also , specify if you like your food spicy - its rather bland if you do n't .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
Fantastic place .
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
Food is always fresh and hot - ready to eat !
Food is excellent .
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
However , our main course was wonderful .
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
The bread is top notch as well .
They never came back to refill our glasses again .
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town .
The bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .
The guac is fresh , yet lacking flavor , we like to add our fresh salsa into it .
Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
I 'll be back soon .
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe .
This place is classy , chic , the service is warm and hospitable , and the food is outstanding .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
The place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
No green beans , no egg , no anchovy dressing , no nicoise olives , no red onion .
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30 .
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
Went for a late weekday lunch .
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials .
This place is always packed .
I was speechless by the horrible food .
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter does n't mean we should be automatically impressed .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .
She just nodded and walked off .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
The location is perfect .
great hot dogs . .
What a great place .
It is very overpriced and not very tasty .
We were very disappointed .
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
If you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls ( hot ) .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
I would definently recommend this restaurant .
I 'm sure I 'll return for a final judgement tho .
What a great place .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
this place is amazingly bad .
Do not go to this restaurant .
If you want to dine with large party , I recommend to make reservation BASEMENT .
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
Now we moved out of the state and every visit to NYC includes a stop here .
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza ( at least I do n't think they ever made it before this year ) ... but it was worth the wait .
The meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
Needless to say , I 'm never going back and you should be wary too .
Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves .
I 'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
It is bland and nothing extrodinary .
Do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we 've always been given the highest service and often free desserts .
In mi burrito , here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste .
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets , and Joya is the best .
The food was actually aweful .
And as SOON as one person is done , she asked to pick up the plate immediately .
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
After reading the good reviews of this restaurant , I decided to give it a try with two friends .
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
I asked for a simple medium rare steak .
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
The food was exceptional .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
If it is n't for the food ( A + + + ) , it must be the service or the ambience .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
Don Pedro 's is one of my favorite restaurants .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
Food-awesome .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
I thought I had died and gone to heaven .
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts .
The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
Considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , I expect better service .
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share .
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
I went with JWILS .
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary .
We actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
The food is mostly made from scratch , fresh and well prepared .
Do n't go alone --- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
Great neighborhood joint .
It 's really a takeaway place , I would n't sit if I could take it home .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
I love the drinks , esp lychee martini , and the food is also VERY good .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
Emilio , the owner , is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go .
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn .
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications .
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
Not because you are " The Four Seasons " ... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .
A con was the slow bar service .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
enough said !
The food was great and the service was even better .
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
Went there for a special celebration .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
Will never be back .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago , I was in your upstrairs dining area .
The food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
No , really .
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed .
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke .
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people .
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
Our food was great too !
Based on the reviews on here , it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 PM .
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else .
The wine the service was very good too .
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting , without it trying to be that .
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent .
Maybe it was the great company ( I had friends visiting from Philly – yes , it was not a date this time ) or the super reasonable price point , but I just ca n’t say enough good things about this brasserie .
When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back , in a veyr good sense .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !
Never fails to please .
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
Everytime I go there I ca n't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat .
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I did n't just go to Zucchero Pomodori .
I look forward to eating here again
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
Not one to jump to complaints ( hence my lack of previous online reviewing ) , I called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations .
The prices are not terrible .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
I went there with a few friends and will return .
It hits the spot every time
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi , which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
It was delish and I did n't feel bad eating it .
less wait time for me !
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY .
I pray it stays open forever .
There 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
Regardless , we 'll be back and ca n't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio .
More Williamsburg Garbage
An awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .
To sum it up : Service varies from good to mediorce , depending on which waiter you get ; generally it is just average Ok .
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
A wonderful place !
Polite acknowledgement is out ;
Also , they do not take credit card so come with cash !
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
I go twice a month !
The appetizers are ok , but the service is slow .
We 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
Bukhara Grill , the tagline says it all . . " INDIAN SPICE RAVE "
hmmm .
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
personally i say save your money .
Good , dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch .
Mazing interior .
Service is fast and friendly .
Highly recommended .
One of the best , if not THE best , restaurants in Park Slope ( and NY in general )
Make more tables - perhaps a rooftop bar ?
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
We try frequenting new restaurants all over the city , but any time that we visit a restaurant other than Roth 's we are always disappointed .
We been there and we really enjoy the food , was areally great food , and the service was really good .
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
The waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
An excellent choice in midtown .
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
Delivery is fast too .
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .
Bobb V 's is a great place to take your Friends and Family !
The food was almost always EXCELLENT .
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
They did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf 's liver are my favorites !
The food is expensive , but worth every bite .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
Ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
The staff is 100 % Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets .
Maitre-D - " Eat and get out "
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
Get the soup and a nosh ( pastrami sandwich ) for $ 8 and you 're golden .
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons .
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York !
My daughter 's wedding reception at Water 's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests .
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for .
Good food .
We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
Great food at reasonable prices .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
I am a die hard peep lover .
The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered .
I 've been here twice now .
The service was typical short-order , dinner type .
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
Best meal in a long time !
But WARNING : to all those that use this site be weary , be very weary of recommendations .
Everything on the menu is great .
Great Hot Dogs !
even the wine by the glass was good .
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal .
You guys are awesome !
The noise level was unbearable , conversation impossible .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
Just want to warn you all - do n't waste your time and money .
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
I am bringing my whole family back next time .
I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
I thought the food is n't cheap at all compared to Chinatown .
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
Great place , great value .
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .
It is very overpriced and not very tasty .
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back .
I got enough reasons to keep coming back !!!
So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go .
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave .
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD .
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
Rosario 's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence .
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well .
great food
Overall , I 'm still impressed that the place even exists and the prices are quite decent but then again , its Chinatown .
Service was very good - prompt , attentive and non-intrusive .
Our teenage kids love it , too .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier , at the same time , it does n't really matter .
Me and my girls will definitely go back .
I would not recommend this place to anyone .
The burger was great , also .
Was there Friday night .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
What is even better , is that the prices are very affordable as well , and the food is really good .
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
but , the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers ( nice non-sushi selection ) .
The service is descent even when this small place is packed .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
I 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
The food however , is what one might expect .
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .
The wine list is extensive , well priced and covers alot of regions .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
the icing MADE this cake , it was fluffy , not ultra sweet , creamy and light .
Result ( red velvet ) : Great texture , soft and velvety , nice hint of cocoa .
This restaurant was way overhyped .
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like .
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices ?!
To the owners ; good job guys , this place is a keeper !
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
Big thumbs up !
It was a very nice surprise .
Perhaps it was an off night , but it was suprisingly average for a 9.3 rating .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
Service was on par but not wonderful .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .
And amazingly cheap .
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning !
The staff are attentive , and have smiles on their faces .
My gf 's duck confitte was very solid as well , although i have little base of reference .
NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
If you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
not only is the food
Authentic Shanghai style and I can not recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15 .
But the service is HORRID !
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet .
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come .
Great food .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
Service is top notch .
I have been in NYC for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the Hudson .
Just go and see for yourself .
I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed .
He always says , I do n't have customers .
enough said !
And the food , well the food will keep you coming back .
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala .
The atmosphere was mostly of an older crowd , but there were a few groups of mid 20 's / 30 year olds also .
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .
A million better places to go in the city .
I went to Del Frisco 's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation .
While certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
Much more reasonably priced too !
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
Of course the reason its so packed is because the food is so delicious !
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
Very good wine choices .
It 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
Anyway , the food is good , the price is right and they have a decent wine list .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
Most of the booths allow you to sit next to eachother without looking like ' that ' couple .
And Kruno , the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
I know real Indian food and this was n't it .
Me and my girls will definitely go back .
Price is high but the food is good , so I would come back again .
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .
Everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !
The food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
I 'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
I ca n't imagine how much worse it would have been if we 'd gone at a prime time !
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .
All pretty good .
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
Really though , where 's the seasoning ?
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert ... definitely going to be back very soon .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry , I understood they were busy .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
My family ate here last weekend .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
The staff is no nonsense .
What more can you ask for ?
Looking from the outside in , one would hesitate to enter this hole in the wall ( really , that 's what it is ) .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
Plus , on Wednesday nights the house wine is unlimited !
I went to Ruby Foo 's after work with a group of 6 .
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine .
There are so many other great places to go to eat and drink .... . this place is not worth it ...
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch - I dont mind .
They brought glasses and the bottle , and just left the bottle at our table .
I went here with my boyfriend and another couple .
for an appetizer , their calamari is a winner .
The service is ok but could be better .
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got !
They have very quick service which is great when you do n't have much time .
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
Also , the place is popular with families , so if you 're bothered by children running loose like wild animals , come later at night to avoid them .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
Even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
Taxan delicious !
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu .
For Park avenue I expected so much more .
I 'm not even going to bother to describe it ; it speaks for itself .
You must try the garlic soup !
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
keep up the good work .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
Try the lasagnette appetizer .
I have been living in NYC for bit now and I have to say I love to go out and explore the scene .
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
The food was not very tasty , the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
SO SO SO SO SO good !
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
Want to impress ?
Have the iced tea .
The location is perfect .
The food was boring and expensive .
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish .
Much more reasonably priced too !
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
Dessert is a joke ... dont bother
The host ( owner ) and servers are personable and caring .
Recommended .
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses !
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get .
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30 .
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
The food was absolutely amazing !!
The service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
I absolutely Loved this place .
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge !
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
I would highly recommend it .
Give it a try , menu is typical French but varied .
but overall i give it a 10
This place is Italian , not French .
We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason .
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME !!!
This restaurant was way overhyped .
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet .
So I decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible .
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing .
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai ( another delicious Thai restaurant ) .
Our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .
We live nearby BFC .
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .
Unfortunately , unless you live in the neighborhood , it 's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure .
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs .
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you , brother ?
And the prices were way to high for what you get .
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
Despite a slightly limited menu , everything prepared is done to perfection , ultra fresh and a work of food art .
They 're terrific !!
I ca n't wait for the nex time .
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
Service was also very good .
Save room for the desserts ! ; - )
The best burger I have had in the Village .
Was surprisingly disappointed .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
The food was delicious ( I had a halibut special , my husband had steak ) , and the service was top-notch .
If you were there when it first opened , give this restaurant a second chance .
I ca n't wait to go back .
They specialize in smoothies and fresh juices .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
When we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
From the beginning , we were met by friendly staff memebers , and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat .
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes .
The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
Its a great place for a casual date or to entertain clients for lunch .
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there .
One of the BEST
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
This is the best thing in Soho .
by dinner time , they turn it around and mount a huge comeback !!
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
All in all we 're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks !!!!
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence !
If you ware looking for Korean fusion , I suggest you try some of the places in the East Village .
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day , while chic , art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
The spicy mussels are a highlight .
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
Food-awesome .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
While it 's not Nobu , it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
I do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa ca n't be beat .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy !
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !
everything is scrumptious , from the excellent service by cute waitresses , to the extremely lush atmosphere .
Like I said , Nick and Joe 's may not be everyone 's favorite , but it 's mine .
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING ?
To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I 've found little toninos .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water .
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel ) to get a good taste comparison .
Came looking for this place because I heard good things .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
The place was quiet and delightful .
over .
food was luke warm .
but overall i give it a 10
I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
We left , never to return .
the wait staff is very friendly , if your not rude or picky ....... our meal at Leon last weekend was great - .
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway .
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
Also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
We replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay .
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone .
We 've tried before but it always packed and does n't take reservations .
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan , I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray 's .
A weakness is the chicken in the salads .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
The food is wonderful , artfully done and simply delicious .
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
This restaurant is such a great place .
This place is incredibly tiny .
So , I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again , but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it .
The soup is pretty good too .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
We asked to be moved ( which took half an hour ) , and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back , even though the rest of the room was practically empty .
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ... )
When we left at 8:00 PM , it was packed and noisy .
Good for dates or with friends .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner :
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
One of my favorite places in Manhattan .
None of that yucky whipped stuff .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
We were n't !
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant , and the food was majorly disappointing .
We went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
The side dishes were passable , and I did get a refill upon request .
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but were n't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected .
now called nikki sushi , sushi is OK .
I 've been coming here regularly since it opened , about 2 years ago .
You 'll adore it .
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT .
I never had anything I did n't like here .
Highly recommended .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
Enjoy !!!
Do n't get me started on the margaritas , either .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
But dinner here is never disappointing , even if the prices are a bit over the top .
The mussles were the fishiest things I 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
It first came well done , and I politely sent it back .
For someone who used to hate Indian food , Baluchi 's has changed my mid .
I was so stunned , and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing .
The service was ok .
Go hungry and enjoy .
the bestt !
Have eaten at Ginger House several times , and it 's always good .
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
Love YUKA .
I LOVE their Thai
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
the waitstaffs are nice though .
Highly recommended to all !
It is LOUD , HOT and DARK .
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
I do n't think I would go again .
-- Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons
Try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
I 've been living in the Columbia University area for about 10 years with 3 kids - now in their teens .
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
Enjoy !
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED .
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City !
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more !
I 'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away ... been going there on and off for a year now and it 's really my fave hang out in the city .
I would definitely come back to this restaurant .
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
Without the wait or attitude , I would probably go back , but there are just too many other restaurants in Brooklyn that are as good or better and do n't make me jump through hoops .
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
We got a little tipsy from the sake but is n't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about ?
BEST spicy tuna roll , great asian salad .
their dinner specials are fantastic .
Other apetizers and food
I will be going back very soon .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
The cuisine from what I 've gathered is authentic Taiwanese , though its very different from what I 've been accustomed to in Taipei .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
We were very disappointed .
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
Over 100 different choices to create your own .
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
After reading the great reviews , I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE .
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce .
Way too much money for such a terrible meal .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend .
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
Go with the specials , and stay away from the salmon .
( i hang out , and live , in the neighborhood . . )
A nice find in the neighborhood .
Overpriced and not tasty
during happy hour !
The food is average : breakfast food , soups , salads , sandwiches , etc .
go to any corned indian restaurant , and the little india strip along east 6 st rules supreme !
But they do .
David , Daytona Beach , FL
Most importantly , food is excellent .
Wondering who had the best deals we noticed a line had formed to wait for this one particular establishment .
Desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day .
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
Nevertheless , I finished my plate , and that 's when I found a maggot in mushroom sauce at the bottom .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
Good service , great food , good value , and never have to wait in line !
The service was very attentive and very generous .
The catch is that you are charged extra for ANYTHING that you leave on your plate so do n't be a greedy pig !
I can not recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
Very good wine choices .
Again , I 'd be super upset if that were my employee .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
( I 've ordered from the 2nd ave.
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine ( which cost less than the food ) , and made it seem like a big concession .
None was made so i hung up .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
I wish they would change back to what it was before .
I do n’t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but I ’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .
When the bill came , nothing was comped , so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine , but I did n't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it .
Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
Yes , it is good , but I 've had better for cheaper .
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
It was pretty inexpensive too .
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
Very different than regular dimsum places .
Unbelievable .
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
The food was authentic .
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
Stay away from the latter since you wo n't go for seconds ( hint hint ) .
Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in .
Great food , great decor , great service .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
Service is great , takeout is good too .
Please be aware that it 's CASH or AMEX only !
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight .
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
Be aware .
It was pleasantly uncrowded , the service was delightful , the garden adorable , the food ( from appetizers to entrees ) was delectable .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
This place blew me away ... by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side .
Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at ALL COST !
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
It 's just average , just shredded , no seasoning on it .
No free drink .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
Excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing !
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties ( multiples of 2 and higher ) seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back , all the while being trendy .
We were not disappointed .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
Will not be back .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
AMAZING MY FAVORITE !!!
Yeah , sometimes the service can be slow .
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied ( not stuffed ) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
The pizza here is delicious .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
And all the [ female ] servers are cute too , which is always nice .
It 's a basic pizza joint , not much to look at , but the pizza is what I go for .
It is not worth for that bucks .
There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA , but few out here .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
Another great place to take out-of-towners !
Molto bene !
If you 're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance , this is quite and exquisite choice .
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
When we stumbled on Leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT , we were certainly wrong .
Will absolutely visit again .
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .
Nothing special about this place .
BUT not in a good way .
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork ... so now it 's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company .
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter .
I agree .
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
Though it 's been crowded most times I 've gone here , Bark always delivers on their food .
I live in the West Village and I 've been to a lot of restaurants .
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
The only thing that strikes you is the decor ? ( not very pleasant ) .
This is a true gem of the village .
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi .
So close , but not good enough .
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy .
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment .
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
All we received was an apology as we left to see our show without dinner .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
Dessert - ca n't be missed , so save room !!!
I go here at least once every other week , particularly when it 's cold !
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
I 've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I 've been going .
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
Staff is very accomodating .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
Moderate prices .
The wine list was superb , our tapas delightful , and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
The staff offers impeccable service .
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can .
And , the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy !
The counter service is bad .
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito 's home .
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
Because we did n't have a reservation , we could only sit in the back garden , but it was great , secluded and perfect in nice weather .
The menu , which changes seasonally , shows both regional and international influences .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
My friends spoke so much about it for months , I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca n't compete with Temple 's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas .
Great find !!!
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic .
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters .
The place does get crowded , so I recommend going between 4-5 PM .
Perhaps .
And I could do without the cigar smoke .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
Get the tuna of gari .
We had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
My husband and I had a blast .
I 've been a regular customer at Juice Generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the Film Center on Ninth Avenue and they are on the next block .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
Look foward to trying the Ruben upon returning .
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
