I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
Would not recommend anyone to go .
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties ( multiples of 2 and higher ) seated for 40 minutes , the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table .
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it 's in the West Village .
But I just would like to say I read the reviews people left and thats why I checked it out .
I 've had better Japanese food at a mall food court .
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
I would not recommend MEET at all , it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in !
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito 's home .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
The place was nice and calm .
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .
All I can say is $ 2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you 'll find in the city , though the quality is some of the best .
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food .
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
The lox is always fresh too .
You can do it here .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT , MODERN , YET COZY .
A must try !
The wine list is also really nice .
It ' only open for lunch but the food is so good !
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
This place is classy , chic , the service is warm and hospitable , and the food is outstanding .
And the staff is also young , energeic and hot !!!!
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side .
Our waiter and all of the people helping him were attentive and genuine .
I definitely enjoyed the food as well .
Old school meets New world .
Ciao Bella
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
Until you realize that their five minutes is meaningless and your wait may be anywhere from two to twenty minutes it may be frustrating .
Stay away from this place .
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it , this place has no character .
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us .
Ciao Bella
After the main course came , we did n't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES !
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i ca n't not mention or undermine .
The miso soup lacked flavor and the fish was unfortunately not as well prepared as in the past .
What 's the difference between the two ?
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff .
) It 's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village , but it 's a pretty solid one for its modest prices , and worth repeat visits .
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons .
I have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls ' night .
I 've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I 'm craving for Pho , Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice , this is the place to go .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
Ummm ... the beer was cold .
The staff is excellent , specjal : that girl behind the bar , european chic .
The sauce is excellent ( very fresh ) with dabs of real mozzarella .
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
It has good music , nice tapas , an interesting selection of wines ( primarily Spanish ) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele .
To my right , the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido , rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
Great people watching as others do the same to you .
The waitstaff were attentive , polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters .
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat .
Good for dates or with friends .
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you 'll love it here .
Great food , great waitstaff , great atmosphere , and best of all GREAT beer !
This place has the best interior I have seen anywhere in the northside of W'burg , and will impress whoever you bring there .
If just to drop in , quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
She replied " well it would be more convenient for us if you ordered now , since you are a larger party , and it might get crowded . "
The food is delicious .
Walk-ins are risky too .
One of my favorite places in Manhattan .
The wine list is also really nice .
Feels like family when we go there .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
Arigato Gozimas Yuka !
I would never wait for a table to eat , it just is not THAT great .
word of advice , save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you 've had the tiramisu .
Never have I had such dramatic delivery guys ( a lot of huffing and panting and muttering under breath b/c I live in a walkup ) who always seem disappointed with their tips .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening , I do n't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area .
Had 1 appetizer , 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~ $ 55.00 , not including tip .
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
Of course this atmosphere is lacking , but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways ?
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
I did n't expect to like Nosh as much as I did , but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly , the soups are like Mom 's , and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel 's a run for its money .
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue .
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience , though , to both A-listers and people walking in off the street .
The staff is accomodating , the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed , and the food is out of this world !
Good food at the restaurant ( a bit expensive , but great if you want to impress your date ) .
My friends spoke so much about it for months , I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
Average cake thats been courted by a LOT of hype .
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion .
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
Innovations are just as assured , from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon , beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
Their sushi , Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented .
However , service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had .
we decided to eat in tea room which was small and cute .
go here for the drinks !
Great Atmosphere
The service is always great , and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy .
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place .
it was a very warm experience .
noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
Normally that would be improper , however they were all delicious and my host did not complain .
Will not be back .
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff .
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices .
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded .
The flavors robust and subtle .
Wo n't or Ca n't is not in the service directory .
This is n't your corner Chinese food takeout .
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere .
Been there , done that , and New York , it 's not that big a deal .
The food here is rather good , but only if you like to wait for it .
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko .
Glechik might be way too tiny for a restaurant by Russian standards , but it is cozy and the food is simply GREAT .
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE .
It is simply amazing .
Planet Thai is great !
Save your money and your time and go somewhere else .
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
otherwise , good stuff for late nite eats .
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food .
Decent wine selection too .
my favorite place lol
It 's better than being on the roof of Sutton Place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night .
I was very impressed by this low-key upper eastsider and their authentically thai cuisine !!!
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken , then this is NOT your place .
This place ... god where do i begin .
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they 're perfect for 2 people .
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets , and Joya is the best .
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that 's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch .
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart 's for their food , the ambience and wonderful service .
Tasty steak , pork loin , the works .
Loved It
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai .
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here .
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
Several of the dim sum orders had about 6-8 pieces .
esp . during happy hour !
I will be going back very soon .
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
Do n't waste your time , or money !!
There 's another girl who I ca n't describe , she is about 5 ' 6 " with brown hair , who eavesdrops on your conversation and chimes in - except she only hears the last part of what you said , so her uninvited opinions are often out of context and nothing to do with what you 're * really * talking about .
well , i did n't find it there , and trust , i have told everyone i can think of about my experience .
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu .
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two .
Great , original taste .
This is the best unknown restaurant in and around New York .
Yakitori ( bbq meats ) is tasty too .
Have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope , the sushi is consistently good , the service is pleasant , effective and unassuming .
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers , no matter what the reviews say .
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves .
Also , the chick peas with shrimp ( appetizer ) is divine .
The most annoying thing , though , is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue .
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan .
I 'm in love with the lobster ravioli !
Me and my girls will definitely go back .
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies .
The service is excellent and always informative without an air .
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it 's one of my favorite dishes .
We a menu that rearely changes , e xcept for one or two specials , the quality and care they put in thier food in evident .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused , and wasted my hard earned money .
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid , and was unnecessarily heated with a burner .
the food is delicious and highly recommended .
The host ( owner ) and servers are personable and caring .
Also they were $ 15 each !
However , the service is absolutely horrible .
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
The food at this place is ' gourmet ' Indian cuisine .
From the moment we walked in they were more than accomodating even though the place was packed .
so i thought why not change it up a bit .
Great Indian Food !
We ordered a glass of wine and were finished eating and paying before the wine came .
Wonderful at holiday time .
Was there Friday night .
overpriced japanese food with mediocre service
The waiter was attentive , the food was delicious and the views of the city were great .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
I went there 2times .
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries .
I always find myself sitting next to someone in the theatre industry - interesting to hear ideas hashed out while having a quick bite to eat .
And really large portions .
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them .
Great wine selection , Gigondas is worth the price , and the house champagne is a great value .
The problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair .
Food is excellent .
you should travel from the Bronx to try it ...
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery , creamy which means a big task to diggest . . tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count , penne ... got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed ... lol
The flavors robust and subtle .
It 's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea .
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC .
The beverages were excellent , and the dessert was good .
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends .
Simple comfort food and what hot and lage portions .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side .
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
they did give a 15 % discount at the end , was n't enough , as they knew the service was horrible .
We started with the scallops and asparagus and also had the soft shell crab as well as the cheese plate .
The worst excuse for Japanese food I 've ever encountered .
It 's very spicy but not offensive .
This place does n't compare with Mamoun 's in terms of price , freshness , value , and consisent quality , but that 's just my opinion .
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
I 've had the chicken with garlic sauce , chicken with black bean sauce , and hunan chicken .
But do n't ever order bacon late at nite ( either platter or in sandwiches , for that matter do n't from any take out place ) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos , hurt my molars .
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them .
I love the atmorphere @ peep !
( I 've ordered from the 2nd ave.
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
During our trip to NYC , we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the Four Seasons for their pre-theater menu ( offering a modified menu for $ 65 pp ) .
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit , but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
great neighbhorhood spot .
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap .
I 've been coming here on and off for the past five years and I have to say that La Lanterna has never , ever dissapointed me .
The only weird thing was if we got a bottle , the waitress would have simply multiplied the glass price X4 , which makes no sense whatsoever .
I generally like this place .
Everything I had was good , and I 'm a eater .
It 's popular w/the late crowd .
Waiters are slow but sweet .
A real dissapointment .
Just moved to the neighborhood and we 've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants .
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates .
Considering their price of $ 6.25 for lunch special , the dish was ridiculously small .
Unbelievable .
I ca n't wait for summer , when they serve outside on their gigantic patio .
I never had an orange donut before so I gave it a shot .
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $ 6.25 .
From beginning appetizers , the scallops were incredible , to the delicious chocolate souffle with rasberry mint sorbet , we were delighted by the taste sensations .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service .
peppers , onions , relish , chilli , cheeses , you NAME it .
Remind me of home .
I could n't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach .
Overall , the best bagel in town .
My favs here are the Tacos Pastor and the Tostada de Tinga ...
The sauce tasted more like Chinese fast food than decent Korean .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
It was pretty inexpensive too .
The fried rice is really good too .
More important , the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo .
I think this would be a pretty good spot if it were not so overpriced and overrated .
We 've lived around the corner from this place for over a year and finally had dinner there .
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever .
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend , which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand .
Inexpensive , unassuming , great time !
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
We ate here in March , 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight .
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific !
The food is good , the teriyaki I recommend .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
The food is inventive but still keeps traditional indian flavoring .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
I 'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
Good Food
in an effort to increase turnover , the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse .
Decor is nice and minimalist , food simple yet very well presented and cooked , and the wine list matches the food very well .
We asked for sides which the waiter than admitted that he forgot to put in that part of our order .
It is about FOOD and Ambiance , and imagine how dreadful it will be it we only had to listen to an idle engine .
Food is great .
Our waiter was horrible ; so rude and disinterested .
In fact , two people could really share one plate .
Service was also very good .
The best Chicken pad tai , I 've ever had .
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed .
The place is a bit hidden away , but once you get there , it 's all worth it .
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
Really , I find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds -- this , in the city of a million restaurants , at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one .
But WARNING : to all those that use this site be weary , be very weary of recommendations .
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location !
We saw them heating up at least one frozen item though I 'm not sure which dim sum dish it was .
The food was great and tasty , but the sitting space was too small , I do n't like being cramp in a corner .
I had the Pad Thai and the noodles were sticky .
Good to find a restaurant where the owners have some imagination and they have actually pulled it off , like in this case .
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $ 19.95 !
I went here with my boyfriend and another couple .
The food was very good , a great deal , and the place its self was great .
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC .
We were very disappointed .
We parked on the block of Nina 's the place looked nice , with people obviously enjoying their pizzas .
Fast service .
The setting is casual and romantic .
THe perfect spot .
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
We 've been following chef Lyle 's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic , his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return .
Stick to the items the place does best , brisket , ribs , wings , cajun shrimp is good , not great .
Very good wine choices .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
Taxan delicious !
It 's just O.K. pizza .
I will definetly be going back .
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
Killer Sushi !
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart 's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was .
They charge different prices all the time .
On a recent Saturday night , I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
I 'm going back .
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $ 12 - $ 15 per meal , I 'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat !
Do n't waste money on decor .
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious , fresh , and elegant .
It 's to die for !
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible , reaching for sunglasses .
Raymond the bartender rocks !
We had tons of great food , wine , and desserts .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible .
I 've eaten at many different Indian restaurants .
Authentic Pakistani food .
I really liked this place .
I recommend the black roasted codfish , it was the best dish of the evening .
The waitstaff is solicitous and friendly and always seems glad to see us , and the food is wonderful , if not stunningly creative .
An oasis of refinement : Food , though somewhat uneven , often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef 's passion ( and kitchen 's precise execution ) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups .
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York , and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York .
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
While this can hardly be called a restaurant , it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten : $ 4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already , you know it 's going to be good .
The service is good and the resturant is clean .
I do n't think I would go again .
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
A coworker and I tried Pacifico after work a few Fridays and loved it .
Have to tell you : Not at all impressed .
To dine at Thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside , its so bland on the inside .
It is thick and slightly soggy .
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach , the Shanghai low mein , and other attractions .
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine ( which cost less than the food ) , and made it seem like a big concession .
it was really good pizza .
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices .
They have it all -- great price , food , and service .
On the way out , we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
Cool atmosphere , the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night .
If you love seafood , you would love this place !
We always enjoy the pizza .
food was luke warm .
An excellent service
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods , indian included , i made friends with this place long ago .
I highly recommend it .
There 's nice and quiet , small but enough for 6 ( or more ) .
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day , while chic , art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night .
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly - not too sweet , but full of flavor .
The food is very average ... the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet , every thing they serve is too sweet here .
Drinks : 2 glasses of Dom Perignon at $ 35 each .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
Got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full .
The decor is designed in a contemporary Japanese style restaurant .
delicious .
But nonetheless -- great spot , great food .
Great pizza for lunch place .
Atmosphere is nice and relaxed too ...
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied .
Go inside and you wo n't want to leave .
There is " Expensive-but-worth-it " and there is " Expensive-and-WTF " ?
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
The food really is n't very good and the service is terrible .
Unbelievable .
Service was very friendly .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive .
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed .
It ’s just you and your date and an occasional cute ‘ excuse me ’ before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth !
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different .
As a fan of Thai , I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst .
for an appetizer , their calamari is a winner .
I 've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers .
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy , crowded bar at dinnertime .
We ordered our appetizers , I ordered the chicken and my boyfriend the salmon .
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
It does n't look like much on the outside , but the minute you walk inside , it 's a whole other atmosphere .
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight .
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices .
I was n't impressed and it was n't SPICEY ????
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible .
But too far east !
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you , or with the local union worker on the other side .
Anywhere else , the prices would be 3x as high !
Both were very good , but nothing you could n't get at similar restaurant .
We could not catch our waiter 's eye , and he ignored us .
We will go back every time we are in the City .
The staff should be a bit more friendly .
We asked for beverages and never received them .
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs .
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service .
When we threatened to leave , we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing .
If you do n't like it , I do n't know what to tell you .
Overall I was impressed and will return , it 's a great QPR ( Quality to Price Ratio ) .
The hot dogs are top notch , and they 're Slamwich is amazing !
The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
Will comeback for sure , wish they have it here in LA . .
I have n't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that , the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil .
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
Excellent spot for holiday get togethers with co-workers or friends that you have n't seen in a while .
I 've made the trip out here a few times with a friend who lives nearby ( I live on UWS ) .
I would recommend to ask for a bigger sitting area when you make a reservation ( if possible )
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
Not worth it .
Food and service was okay .
this one is definintely my least favorite .
The food 's as good as ever .
We requested they re-slice the sushi , and it was returned to us in small cheese-like cubes .
The large selection of bruschettas , paninis , tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating .
Atmosphere is a bore .
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
On a recent Sunday afternoon , a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
The service was bad , the food took to forever to come , we sat on the upper level .
We did n't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough .
Stick to dimsum , not super overpriced noodles .
My boyfriend and I were in NY for a few days and Pastis was a place that came recommended .
Aside from the Sea Urchin , the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail , Boton Shrimp , Blue Fin Torro ( Fatty Tuna ) , Sea Eel , etc .
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list .
I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary .
We were very pleasantly surprised .
I do n't like Indian food too much and this was delicious , however you want to factor that into the equation .
I have had so many dinners here and it 's always been perfect - on a date with my husband , with my mom , with girlfriends and larger groups .
OK , I 've been to Dumont a few times now .
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I 'm used to .
Skip Baroanda down the street ( Eurotrashy , snooty and expensive ) and check this place out !
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
Fantastic !
We called the other person who was very close by , and she told us to order for her , so we did .
I had been a regular due to the consistently good food and ease of getting a table .
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes .
Good food : my favorite is the seafood spaghetti .
I heartily recommend .
They are tasty , but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system .
Also good for client lunch meetings , esp .
great wine list ( italian ) , good food , service was INITIALLY fine .
My wife I lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the UES .
Here 's the thing , you 're in the best city in the world for restaurants .
The menu is nothing like the one on the website .
They used shredded cheese on top !
So , if yo really do n't care who is sittingnext to you , which is about 2 inches away , I would say try it .
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great .
But for whatever reason , prices are about twice as high .
Guess the 555Soul ads did n't launch her big modeling career .
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service .
Never again !
They do n't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai .
You ca n't go wrong with this place .
I thought I had died and gone to heaven .
I came across Village Underground by accident , now I go there all the time .
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid .
My boyfriend ate tuna and it was cooked perfectly !
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included : ceviche mix ( special ) , crab dumplings , assorted sashimi , sushi and rolls , two types of sake , and the banana tempura .
The restuarant itself is not large , but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese .
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently .
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
Order the panang duck , it 's fantastic .
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta , panini 's .....
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed .
Went there for a special celebration .
the service is prompt friendly .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
They also have a back garden open in the summer - cute and French with outdoor seating - what more could you ask for ?
I must say it 's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view .
No refills on fountain drinks , though .
Patsy 's Pizza = true love
It 's just good food , nothing more and that 's all we want !
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
The food is very good for it 's price , better than most fried dumplings I 've had .
Highly Highly Highly recommended !
I love this cozy around the way Rest .
they bring service up a notch by offerng complementary amuse bouche to all tables and gave us a small dessert for our celebration .
Service is average .
However , go for the ambience , and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world !
The service was poor , restaurant poorly lit , staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald 's than this joint .
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
We 've found it to be better and fresher than Kiku which is comparable in price .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
If you want some roast duck , pork or chicken on rice with ginger , try them out !
Even though the restaurant was packed , we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down .
When the bill came , nothing was comped , so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine , but I did n't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it .
I think the meatball parm is good .
JUST AWSOME .
Rosario 's is without a doubt one of the greatest pizzerias in existence .
The makhani was OK -- the korma was bland .
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
No plans to return anytime soon .
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
Guess what , I waited for TWENTY minutes before she came over and when she finally did , she says , " oh well , I wish you would have said something earlier " No apology , nothing .
The location is perfect .
Like I said , Nick and Joe 's may not be everyone 's favorite , but it 's mine .
Most importantly , food is excellent .
( or sister , in my case ! ) .
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste .
I went to pams with my girlfriend , and i love it .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
May , the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you .
I read reviews that called the restaurant too expensive and I thought to myself , but may be it is worth it .
The puke green walls leave a lot to be desired , but the food is very good .
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
The omlette for brunch is great ...
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
The pizza was great .
This place has the best pizza .
The entree was also very good .
Service was also very good .
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
You must try Odessa stew or Rabbit stew ; salads-all good ; and kompot is soo refreshing during the hot summer day ( they make it the way my mom does , reminds me of home a lot ) .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
I/we will never go back to this place again .
Ravioli was good ... but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced .
The crackling calamari salad , which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants , is crispy and lightly dressed .
$ 160 for 2 filets , 2 sides , an appetizer and drinks .
The food here was mediocre at best .
I ca n't wait for the nex time .
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark .
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves .
Frankly , the chinese food here is something I can make better at home .
I thought the food is n't cheap at all compared to Chinatown .
I take all my NYC guests to VT 's .
I ca n't believe that it was , but please put the bag down before delivering food !
Decor leaves something to be desired .
The staff is very good .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
Ambience is so cute and quaint , good for business although we were there on vacation .
Fabulous service , fantastic food , and a chilled out atmosphere and environment .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
The food is outstanding and the service is quick , friendly and very professional .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
Oh right , I should probably say something nice .
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
We were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service .
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and ca n't seem to find a great Italian restaurant , drive to Corona .
I will be going back and heartily recommend it !
Highly recommended ... As stated , I have n't dined * in * the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place ; also , the bar looks nice .
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished .
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken ( usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats ) .
Staff is very accomodating .
They make the best pizza in New Jersey .
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them , as they tend to offer large portions .
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
The place is a little tight and on a cold day , the seating by the entranceway can be pretty drafty .
I was n't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special , but Tuesday Night .
We will be back .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
Yes , the place is classy and beautiful , but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while .
black white shakes came out good also .
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a restaurant , the food .
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts .
People are always friendly .
I wo n't go back unless someone else is footing the bill .
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price ( if bought by the pound ) .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date .
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly .
The bagels always warm , soft on the inside , crispy on the outside and enormous in size .
great eats , good times .
It just was n't Thai .
On that scale , it 's a world-beater .
Even with the prix fixe pricing , this restaurant is not worth it .
We 'd go back again
But , hey , there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria .
I went there with my friend last saturday .
The staff has been nice , but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often .
Her review is above .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together .
Okay , so I never write but there does n't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it 's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown .
Noodle pudding is exactly the type of service and food I enjoy .
The service was mediocre , and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal .
I have been there many times , and food is good and consistent .
The service is awful .
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with .
Over priced , overrated .... stay away !
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better !
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner .
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare , you 'll love Artisanal !
But trust me it is so worth it .
I 'm almost tempted to give this place a bad review so I can keep the crowds away ... been going there on and off for a year now and it 's really my fave hang out in the city .
I got enough reasons to keep coming back !!!
The waiter was attentive .
The food is yummy , especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries .
Overall , not worth the money .
Good cake BUT : it was not the best cake i 've ever had , and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees .
This restaurant was way overhyped .
NO PIZZA 33 for me !
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world .
The atmosphere was mostly of an older crowd , but there were a few groups of mid 20 's / 30 year olds also .
I need at least three rolls to be full , and that 's at least $ 14.00 !
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
Was n't going to share but I feel obligated ... while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing .
It was divine melts in your mouth .
The staff offers impeccable service .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
There are so many other great places to go to eat and drink .... . this place is not worth it ...
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
I do n't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron 's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff ( more than the price ) .
If presentation and service is your thing , then this magic show works .
-- Eat Club is a roving group of NYC gluttons
Molto bene !
As we were leaving , the couple standing by the door said to another waiter , we 're not in a hurry .
the salads are delicious , both refreshing and very spicy .
What more could you want ?
The staff is courteous and friendly .
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
We got most of it back at home with us .
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT .
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids .
Want to impress ?
Really cool stauff inside .
Service is extraordinary , yet not overbearing , and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens .
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money .
Edible but really a ripoff at those prices given whats in the area .
I went this past Saturday and had a excellent meal of consisting of a braised lamb shank with mashed potatoes .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
Not what I wanted to hear .
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years .
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks .
Any if you have a reservation you 'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
Whem asked , we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were .
Village is one of those places that scores on all fronts .
If the omakase is to showcase technique and variety , serving almost 40 % of items BBQ-ed and a spicy tuna roll wrapped with not-so-fresh nori seems to be a rather limp performance .
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd .
They did not have mayonnaise , forgot our toast , left out ingredients ( ie cheese in an omelet ) , below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it .
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food , better then places like Balthazar etc .
The sake ’s complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world .
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day .
... and that 's saying a lot .
Maybe it 's that most of Dumont 's patrons are younger and have lower expectations , but I can not recommend Dumont .
Beautiful experience .
From the beginning , we were met by friendly staff memebers , and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat .
If you are going for the food , it will not be worth it .
What I did n't like was how the food came right after it was ordered .
If you 're in the neighborhood , definitely stop by for a great meal .
Go , go , hurry , before everyone finds out about it .
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order .
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale .
Highly recommended is the Spicy Fried Clam Rolls and Spider Rolls .
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am .
Just go and see for yourself .
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks , swirl them around , and eat .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend , asked him : Where are you from ... maybe you dont know how things work in America ... and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on .
We did tip , I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager .
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
I am a die hard peep lover .
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week .
Will absolutely visit again .
The waitstaff are all very busy , it 's not outstanding service , but I 've never been dealt with rudely .
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive .
I had been searching really hard for a restaurant in New York where I could really feel unwanted and ignored and I finally found it !
Please save yourself the frustration .
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap , stick to pork , fish , chicken , lamb and vegetables .
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo ; you can tell it was a fresh lobster .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
Hats off to the chef .
The service was superb , they treat you like family .
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else .
at night , but it 's hard to hear your own conversation with everyone else competing for that same luxury - the music playing in the background is also voluminous .
The food is delicious and beautifully prepared along with the friendly and personable service .
Once you step into Cosette , you 're miraculously in a small , off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro .
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly .
This place is so much fun .
While the place is not a hotspot hangout , the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck .
Love Pizza 33 . .
Do n't waste money on decor .
I know because I live nearby .
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices .
I would highly recommend this place !
He takes real pride in his food and his business .
It took half an hour to get our check , which was perfect since we could sit , have drinks and talk !
The happy hour is so cheap , but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere .
I have never been so disgusted by both food an service .
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience .
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
The staff is no nonsense .
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
If you live in Upper Manhattan , Siam Square is THE place for Thia food .
I also recommend the garlic knots .
The food is great and authentic .
It was good , but none of the flavors WOW .
We did n't know if we should order a drink or leave ?
We know the difference between and oyster and bad fish .
Look , the appetizers were really good .
We 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived .
I almost wanted to write a bad review , so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself !
You will be satisfied .
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets , and Joya is the best .
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before , and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had ( except for my mom 's of course ) .
Sexy .
The wait staff was very attentive and polite .
During our meal , the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks .
have always had a great time here .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
I 'm from sichuan , this is the restaurant I recommend going .
They do cater to American palates , but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige !
The food was absolutely amazing !!
This place started off a little iffy , but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in NYC ( and I 'm indian , so I should know ) .
Not the greatest sushi place , but excellent for a $ 19.95 all you can eat .
The sushi is always fresh and yummy and the menu is pretty varied .
I am amazed by the poor reviews - I find this place to be standout Italian in an area flooded with Italian - great prices , great atmosphere , good service and a wonderful wine list .
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING , i 've had different waiters and they were all nice , which is a rare thing in NYC .
I definitely will go back .
Fluke sashimi drizzled with jalapeno-lime olive oil , the fruit of the oil nicely highlighting the fish 's sweetness .
It 's a small cute restaurant .
Our waiter was helpful and charming , the food was perfect , and the wine was good , too .
We were n't !
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up .
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food .
Fresh , authentic , french cuisine in substantial portions .
As much as I like the food there , I ca n't bring myself to go back .
Our teenage kids love it , too .
It 's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
Just not good at all .
The main draw of this place is the price .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
The food is expensive , but worth every bite .
Awesome
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing .
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
The food was great .
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot .
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty .
The food however , is what one might expect .
The food was average or above including some surprising tasty dishes .
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday , and I was thoroughly impressed with the food .
Even my Indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
After we got our sashimi order , I could not believe how small the portions were !
Just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
We all ordered different entrees so we could share .
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends .
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available .
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken .
Check it out .
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
They brought glasses and the bottle , and just left the bottle at our table .
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas .
Plus they made a perfect martini .
Save room for the desserts ! ; - )
What 's the difference between the two ?
the wait staff is very friendly , if your not rude or picky ....... our meal at Leon last weekend was great - .
Quite frankly , this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried .
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective !
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals .
P.S. Please do n't tell anyone in my family i eat there .
Moving on .
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful .
I think the restaurant was too loud ( when full ) to be romantic .
We were n't !
less wait time for me !
I loved it and would go again .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
The food was actually aweful .
My order is on my table even on a busy friday night within 10 minutes ( at the most ) of hanging up the phone .
As I made the title , it 's an affordable restaurant for great taste .
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka ( also available without vodka . )
I 've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend 's birthday and I always enjoy myself .
No thanks !!!
A big disappointment , all around .
The food was good .
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking .
Has the chef and owner changed ???
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced .
And the Tom Kha soup was pathetic .
I got hair in my food 2 times of then !
This place survives on reputation alone .
Its worth the wait though .
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location .
While we enjoyed the food , we were highly disappointed by the poor service ( waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service ) and lack of remorse .
Kudos Haru
Every time I have a special occasion with my boyfriend I have a hard time going anywhere else .
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
As for the bar , this is another bad idea .
I 'm sure I 'll return for a final judgement tho .
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
Thick fries , meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool , ultra-thick chocolate Frosty .
Great place to grab a hot bagel on the way to work .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
The sushi was awful !
Overall , decent food at a good price , with friendly people .
A million better places to go in the city .
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
Even when the chef is not in the house , the food and service are right on target .
The decor is dark , cool and soothing , while the food 's presentation is spectacular , considering the low prices .
I would go back .
All conveniently delivered right to the door .
The service was excellent , the food was excellent , but the entire experience was very cool .
Did n't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food .
After reading the posts , I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow , despite living in Park Slope .
When we stumbled on Leon , we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT , we were certainly wrong .
they really provide a relaxing , laid-back atmosphere .
You will find everything about Trio to your liking !
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal , however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $ 18 by just going off the menu .
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish .
It first came well done , and I politely sent it back .
Just do n't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant , i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there .
I found the food to be outstanding , particulary the salmon dish I had .
The food is excellent !
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds .
Aside from the rushed service , we were very impressed with the food and the drinks .
I 've enjoyed 99 % of the dishes we 've ordered with the only exceptions being the occasional too-authentic-for-me dish ( I 'm a daring eater but not THAT daring ) .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
If you were there when it first opened , give this restaurant a second chance .
I loved it and will be back soon .
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world !
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
The food was ok and fair nothing to go crazy .
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago , I was in your upstrairs dining area .
I went there with my friend last saturday .
Ask for Usha , the nicest bartender in manhattan .
Prices are very good .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
not only is the food
Saul is pretty good , but definitely not great .
Murray wo n't do it .
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything , I mean everything was excelent.I
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
It 's all about the food !!
Hip boutiques and bars on Ludlow add to the artsy , laid-back atmosphere at this Israeli-style takeout and eat-in burger joint .
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ... )
Seriously , this is the best all you can eat in town - As everyone says , the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best - have 4 of these , and you 've broken even .
I 'm telling you ...
Not only did they have amazing , sandwiches , soup , pizza etc , but their homemade sorbets are out of this world !
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week .
Quick and friendly service .
So rude !!!
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
Plain and simple it 's bad thai food .
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too -- but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area .
Obviously run by folks who know a pie .
I 've waited over one hour for food .
Has the warmth of a family local yet it is a great place to watch sporting events .
And it was quick which is very important .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
The food is wonderful , artfully done and simply delicious .
What a great place !
Will give it another chance before I write it off .
Nice restaurant overall , with classic upscale Italian decor .
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent .
The meat is fresh , the sauces are great , you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too .
wont come back again for sure !
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .
While they keep the capex to a minimum , they do put some cash into the bagels , because they among the best in the city .
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat .
Have the iced tea .
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed , reminds me of my grandfather , its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire .
This was , from start to finish , a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience .
Amazing food .
Like others have said , do n't expect the restaurant to make a nite out romantic for you and yes , a busy restaurant may require you to wait .
This was n't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup , but I thought that was what made the place so special .
Too cold to enjoy .
If celebrities make you sweat , then your in for a ride , but if your like most around these parts then you 'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype .
I heard the lobster roll was excellent .
Great food , great prices , great service .
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .
great for a romantic evening , or a fun evening with friends ...
This is probably one of my new favorite places .
It is nearly impossible to get a table , so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner , DO NOT pass it up .
If your visiting , you 'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it 's in Time Sq. . .
Good service , great food , good value , and never have to wait in line !
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine , our son 's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert .
You 'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city , and most still do n't compare .
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area .
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
Service was good and food is wonderful .
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time .
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA .
I DO NOT RECOMMEND THE HEARTLAND BREWERY .
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant !
A classic !
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
My friends and I go once a week ( minimum , we live in the area ) and everytime ca n't resist walking out ready to burst .
Top spot in town for Vietnamese classics , better than places that cost a lot more .
Located at the end of a magnificent block .
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface , and you get platters of thin sliced meats , various vegetables , and rice and glass noodles .
Do n't waste your time or your money .
Five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a Thursday evening .
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
The service is awful .
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture , both chewy yet not gummy .
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
Get your food to go , find a bench , and kick back with a plate of dumplings .
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
The prices are not terrible .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
Very cozy and warm inside .....
Likewise if you like really thin crust or really big slices then Nick and Joe 's may not be your favorite .
For an untrendy rip-off - eat here .
too large for just two people but nothing was left .
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great , the food and service could have been a lot better .
keep up the good work .
The service was great as well .
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good .
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices ?!
Overall , excellent restaurant !
Small , bright , and clean , BZ Grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints , both in Astoria and out .
It 's the kind of place I like to support !
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
Certainly not the best sushi in New York , however , it is always fresh , and the place is very clean , sterile .
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
Great service , great food .
David , Daytona Beach , FL
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet , where greasy , dry and tasteless are complimentary .
Alone for 100 bucks , it is really overprice .
Without the wait or attitude , I would probably go back , but there are just too many other restaurants in Brooklyn that are as good or better and do n't make me jump through hoops .
Before the place did n't call my attention .
Horrible .
They are the best bagels I 've had .
Always busy but fast moving .
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten .
Oh and it 's too tiny for families with strollers .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
If only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
I do n't get it , what 's so special about Prune ?
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
Open late ( well as late as I ever got there and I 'm a night person )
Great friendly service , Fast seating , Fast Delivery , Excellent sushi .
I had my eyes on this place , promising myself I will one day ' give it a try . '
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the " salt encrusted shrimp " appetizer .
Great Indian food and the service is incredible .
Bukhara Grill , the tagline says it all . . " INDIAN SPICE RAVE "
They are located off the beaten path but are certainly worth the trip .
The dim sum here is only so-so .
Too many other good places to have to settle .
Actually , everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed .
My husband said the portions were very small , but if my main course was good to eat the portion would 've been fine for me .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people .
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous , but also extremely helpful .
so delicious !!!!!!
The food is flavorful , plentiful and reasonably priced .
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
Thank you everyone at Water 's Edge .
Great staff .
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter .
Always a nice crowd , but never loud .
Try the homemade breads .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
Also , top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
Once for dinner and once for brunch .
Super YUMMY Pizza !
the restaurant was completely empty , but she gave me a dirty look and asked , no reservations ?
This is , by far , my favorite restaurant in NYC and I only wish it were more affordable so I could go more often !
The waitress , seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
This place is pricey , and yes , the food is worth it ; but the service makes you feel like you should be paying a quater of the price .
Even if the food was n't this good , the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax .
its a little out of the way if you do n't live in the neighborhood , but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are .
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent .
Trust me , it will be great , and all of it will be devoured in no time .
Keep up the good work guys !
I 've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times , but more often I order delivery .
Slightly above average wines start at $ 70 + with only one selection listed at $ 30 + .
Barbecued codfish was gorgeously moist - as if poached - yet the fabulous texture was let down by curiously bland seasoning - a spice rub might have overwhelmed , however herb mix or other sauce would have done much to enhance .
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner .
I started going to dosa hut more after that .
Not a typical pizza joint , but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner .
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
BEST DINING EXPERIENCE IN THE WEST VILLAGE !
My six year old loved it .
Will not be back .
Ahhh ...
I will be back !
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor .
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels ! . .
It 's a steal !
Overall , not worth the money .
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses .
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good .
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you 're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant , very very good food , cheaply-priced , generally friendly staff , and if you 're a Manhattanite , or spend most of your time in Manhattan , Rice Avenue will make you feel at home ..... very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele ..... all on Roosevelt Avenue !
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary !
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
I thought this place was totally overrated .
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously , but it should n't .
try the spicy shrimp appetizer ( again , not the greatest value in the world but worth the price ) and the lamb vindaloo is great .
I 've eaten thai many times , and am very familiar with the cuisine .
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly , I have never experienced more incompetency .
There was no ambiance .
the turkey burgers are scary !
Enjoy !!!
The food is average : breakfast food , soups , salads , sandwiches , etc .
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they do n't skimp .
Whenever you need a Sushi fix , Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service .
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY .
Wish NY had more of these kind of places : intimate , superb food , homey , top notch all the way around , certainly worth the wait .
The Deco and ambiance was really romantic .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation .
The bruscetta is a bit soggy , but the salads were fresh , included a nice mix of greens ( not iceberg ) all dishes are served piping hot from the kitchen .
What a hassle !
If you go , try the marinara/arrabiatta sauce , the mozzarella en Carozza is mmmmmmmm .... . everything is just delicious .
Yes , it is good , but I 've had better for cheaper .
All in all , I do n't see how you can go wrong .
Considering we were the last patrons there and it was after the closing time , the waitstaff did not rush us at all and made us feel comfortable and relaxed .
Fish is so very fresh .
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff -- even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty .
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess , it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well .
Maybe tomorrow ; - )
The food is amazing !!!!
Orsay , is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC .
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she " had a BBQ to go to " that night - WTF ??
the mushroom barley soup is amazing .
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you .
Most of the servers are very attentive , friendly and quite attractive .
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout , BUT service terrible .
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone .
I recomend the chicken milanese .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish , and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .
This restaurant is such a great place .
It 's always quiet because it 's awful .
We would return to this place again !
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time !
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
i went in one day asking for a table for a group and was greeted by a very rude hostess .
We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left .
Moules were excellent , lobster ravioli was VERY salty !
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible !
Finally let into the store 5 at a time , to buy expensive slices from a harried staff .
The ambiance was pretty cool , but not worth the hassle .
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had .
It 's true , you feel like your in a scene from Goodfellas .
You 're going to drop some coin , but completely worth it , especially if you are looking to impress someone .
Diner food at bistro prices is a bummer ....
Need I say more ?
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it .
While the food was excellent , it was n't cheap ( though not extremely expensive either ) .
The quantity is also very good , you will come out satisfied .
I recommend the jelly fish , drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings , certainly the stir fry blue crab .
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who did n't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night ( for the coat check girls ) .
She just nodded and walked off .
Being serious sushi lovers , we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action .
At first I was slightly skeptical because it was a sushi restaurant in the middle of NYC .
The tastes makes your mouth water for more .
The food is great ( big selection , reasonable prices ) and the drinks are really good .
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant , where you can see their personal herb garden .
If you are in the area try The Bagel Shoppe on 74th street which is 3 blocks away on 2nd Ave.
if you 're looking for authentic hong kong-style food , look no further .
Filled with suits , though , so you never really feel terribly comfortable .
I loved this place !!
Service is average .
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores .
awesome
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
DO not try unless you 're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
Try the rose roll ( not on menu ) .
What more can you ask for ?
I absolutely Loved this place .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
For Park avenue I expected so much more .
Probably my worst dining experience in new york , and I 'm a former waiter so I know what I 'm talking about .
Fine , I wont hang you for that .
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave .
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai ( another delicious Thai restaurant ) .
The service was the only thing good about this restaurant .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
For two people with tip was less than $ 25 bucks .
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel .
Alias is warm and cozy and you do n't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton .
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service .
A fairly late entry into the haute barnyard sweepstakes , Flatbush Farm is n't in the same league as the Blue Hills or even the Farm on Adderlys of the world , but it 's pretty good , albeit with a somewhat dismal setting .
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
I honestly do n't even know where to begin .
I did n't go there for food so I ca n't comment .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
their dinner specials are fantastic .
So for a filling and healthy meal give it a go .
Kudos to Po !
Chow fun was dry ; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family .
What an amazing meal and experience !
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well !
Ok , for all of us growing up in the Village of NYC , we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants , most of which stay open very late .
Guacamole + shrimp appetizer was really great , we both had the filet , very good , did n't much like the frites that came with , but the filet was so good , neither of us cared .
The high prices you 're going to pay is for the view not for the food .
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you , brother ?
I will be going back very soon .
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed .
Other than the crappy service from two individuals , it 's great .
We will return many times for this oasis in mid-town .
Brava La Pizza Fresca !
The service , however , was a bright flower in a garden .
but for the value , it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group .
The production is a symphony , alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part .
My family ate here last weekend .
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer .
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times .
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips .
It just was n't Thai .
We only ordered desserts and drinks , but no refills were offered .
And its absolutely DELICIOUS .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
What for ?
The sangria 's - watered down .
Everyone is welcomed in as family .
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard .
It 's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone .
I liked the food at this quasi-thai restaurant .
As BFC does n't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated , which can be over an hour later !
Service was awful - mostly because staff were overwhelmed on a Saturday night .
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes , and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating ( a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere , so I try to ignore it ) .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
Highly recommended to all !
Great bar , most gorgeous bartenders you 've ever seen ( specifically the blond lady ) .
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
I felt as though I were eating in Paris .
It was well worth the wait .
I 'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting .
They 're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing , Queens .
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait ( shortly I might add ) .
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
The food is definitely good , but I left a bit disappointed .
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view .
Great food , great drinks , nice dining atmosphere .
I often find myself with time to kill in Times Square , which is a shame since I do n't love this area .
Fantastic place .
Needless to say , I 'm never going back and you should be wary too .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience , but for superb food at reasonable prices , La Villa ca n't be beat .
Our server was very helpful and friendly .
This made it obvious that the food was n't cooked fresh ; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated .
After that she simply took our plates , walked away , came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it !!!!!!!!!!!!
The food is amazing , rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza .
The food is consistently wonderful - I 've been coming here for years , and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly .
The food was very expensive ( we spent $ 160 for lunch for two ) but extremely tasty .
Last time I went here , the waitress did n't come back after taking our order .
But who says Murray 's is anything about service .
I 'm amazed we have n't been kicked out of this place yet .
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband .
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
I was so stunned , and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing .
While certain staples are excellent ( the burger , some of the pastas ) , the food is not really the point .
Food was okay , nothing great .
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded .
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us .
Fantastic !
Service ok but unfriendly , filthy bathroom .
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates .
I was literally going to explode , but instead , my boyfriend took the bill and went to find the manager .
my personal favorite is an everything bagel with lox spread , but all the bagles are unbeliavably good .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
Katz 's deli is a great NY experience .
I 've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city .
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well .
Both a number of the appetizer and pasta specials were amazing .
I ordered from here last week .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
Go for it !
The buffet had a nice selection .
I really did n't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of Grand Central .
They are located in the middle of Chinatown !
I 've been here twice now .
Guaranteed to be a tasty experience ! )
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor .
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
This place , which is only a few months old , is perhaps Queens ' biggest secret !
They are extremely rude , not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $ 500 for some drinks adn their pita bread !
His response was smug , arrogant , and condescending , totally consistent with his deportment on display all evening .
The veal was incredible last night .
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation .
The pasta primavera was outstanding as well , lots of fresh veggies .
It is expensive but well worth the money .
Unique apppetizers .
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner .
Great food and the prices are very reasonable .
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
How do you rate home ?
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
Deliveries often take up to an hour and the prices are higher than most other pizzerias in the area .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
Not impressed with the food .
but when we looked at the menu , there were n't a lot of choices , most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section .
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance , but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too .
It 's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours ( especially in downtown Brooklyn ) .
There 's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style .
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna .
overall , a solid restaurant and at less than $ 40pp ( including wine ) , a solid deal as well .
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare .
I absolutely love this place !!!
Cute and decorative .
Overall , this is a nice place to take a few friends to hang out at and the service is excellent .
The food was absolutely horrible !
And when I visit her I make it a point to eat at ' Ino at least once daily if not once for the whole trip .
Suan has challenged this loyalty .
Got a date ? Go here !
I absolutely suggest this place .
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it , they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato .
It 's a place for people who pay a lot for mediocre food , noise and a chance to be with their fellow bridge and tunnel folks .
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food .
Loved it
I think locals rate this place so high .
Took my mom for Mother 's Day , and the maitre d' was pretty rude .
We spent $ 200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed .
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return .
For asian fusion , there are many places further downtown .
Have recommended the place to friends , always gets good response .
Lexicographers take note : a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn .
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
I 've eaten at many different Indian restaurants .
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate , the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care .
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like ' bar ' or ' pub ' .
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed , there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service .
I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway .
Aside from the bearded , courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he 's sleeping with that week , you see a strange mix of hipsters , frat boys , Will Smith types who need to be told they are black , bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet ....
The food was good , the service prompt , and the price very reasonable .
While it was large and a bit noisy , the drinks were fantastic , and the food was superb .
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
It 's constantly open , catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St. , so there 's more turnover with the food than you 'd expect ( i.e. , surprisingly fresh ) .
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
Hurley 's is terrific !
DO N'T KNOW WHAT THE OTHERS ON THE BLOCK WERE LIKE BUT WE WERE PLEASED WITH OUR CHOICE .
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
I have been to Rao 's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better .
Sometimes tables do n't understand his sense of humor but it 's refreshing to have a server who has personality , professionalism , and respects the privacy of your dinner .
Wretched and retching
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $ 3.00 in NYC .
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you .
Each time we 've been , the front of house staff ( not the waiters - they 're fantastic - but the people who greet and seat you ) has been so hideous to us that were it not for the exceptional fish dishes I would never return .
I have never had cheescake like this .
There was a great deal for 6 Blue Point oysters and a beer or glass of wine for $ 8 !
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I 've ever tasted .
- the bread at the beginning is super tasty and makes you want more - the pizza is delicious and comes in personal sizes , however be warned that the Peter 's Favourite pizza with prosciutto and baby arugula is actually a margarite pizza with cold prosciutto and baby arugula on top , like a salad .
Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in .
Ahhh ...
If you live in new york city , you 'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount .
Seating is ok even though sometimes there 's alot of people .
Spice is great Thai food , love the inexpensive appetizers .
The service is really fast and friendly , and the value is great .
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table .
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well .
The sushi is also great !
I have been to Roth 's twice and both times were very disappointing .
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert , especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate .
A gentleman , maybe the manager , came to our table , and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order .
I would definitely come back to this restaurant .
Do n't expect to sit down inside though , there are only a few tables and they are always full .
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion , but not for regular fine dining .
Expensive
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed .
I would highly recommend this place !
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them .
No thanks !!!
I am happy i did the food was awsome .
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it 's not a cheap night out ... but it 's SO worth it .
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka !
We were less than impressed .
I 'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud .
We ran a little late for the reservation but it was n't a problem to get our table immediately .
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty .
The other night we had the $ 30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of .
Great bagels , spreads and a good place to hang out in .
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque .
We will be back .
I paid just about $ 60 for a good meal , though : )
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food .
That said , I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I 've EVER had .
Great spot , whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner .
The food has been consistant for years and it never lets you down .
i happen to have a policy that goes along with a little bit of self-respect , which includes not letting a waiter intimidate me , i.e. make me feel bad asking for trivialities like water , or the check .
it helps if you know what to order .
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!!!
In reality ( to maximize potential diners ) they were still taking phone reservations and reallocating tables of those waiting in the lobby .
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
One of my favorite places in Manhattan .
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date .
Overall , excellent restaurant !
But too far east !
Bison was quite excellent however .
they live up to the thai way of living .
Best . Sushi . Ever .
Not only was the food outstanding , but the little ' perks ' were great .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
Favorite Sushi in NYC
Not enough wines by the glass either .
Ca n't wait to go back .
I came here with my boyfriend for our anniversary because it was highly recommended to him by a friend .
Probably much busier for lunch , it 's seldom crowded for dinner ( too close to downtown ) .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
The absolute worst service I 've ever experienced and the food was below average ( when they actually gave people the meals they ordered ) .
Meal was very expensive for what you get .
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
Other guests enjoyed pizza , santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips .
Best In ALL of NYC
quacamole at pacifico is yummy , as are the wings with chimmichuri .
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza .
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district , is truly an excellent find !
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
The food is very good too but for the most part , it 's just regular food , nothing special .
skip dessert .
There was no tap beer that evening , which was a disappointment .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll .
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert , as well as a great green tea tempura .
SO GOOD
They never brought us complimentary noodles , ignored repeated requests for sugar , and threw our dishes on the table .
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli , I knew there was going to be good pizza !
if this happens , just ask for real naan .
highly recommended .
You are treated just like royality .
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there .
The food is authentic Italian - delicious !
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless , so was the seafood tagliatelle .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
20 minutes for our reservation but it gave us time to have a few cocktails and enjoy our surroundings and each other .
I could n't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends , who was in mid bite , to clear the table .
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice .
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff , I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it .
It is quite a spectacular scene i 'll give them that .
The food was just awful , ATROCIOUS actually .
Try their chef 's specials -- they are to die for .
I would have gotten some cole slaw and a knish if my stomach had more space .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
It 's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend .
You 'll see a lot of people eating there after church .
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt 's house for dinner , assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook .
It 's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials .
But that is highly forgivable .
You must try the garlic soup !
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
The wife had the risotto which was amazing .
I can not recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself .
Also , if you do n't want to sit at a certain table , you do n't have to !
This is a twenty-something guy that does n't mind laying down $ 300 for a fine and delicious meal for 2 on special occassions .
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel .
Food was decent , but not great .
Two complaints - their appetizer selection stinks , it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu .
Over 100 different choices to create your own .
its alright
Now it 's so crowded and loud you ca n't even talk to the person next to you .
The drinks are great , especially when made by Raymond .
At peak times , the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close .
My six year old loved it .
Staffs are not that friendly , but the taste covers all .
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that 's located on 86 street , right underneath the train station .
This place has ruined me for neighborhood sushi .
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious , new summer menu at Artisanal last night .
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
Too bad I had paid an extra $ 2 for the stone bowl .
If you 're not familiar with the cuisine , you may encounter problems ordering here and be sure to bring plenty of cash with you as they do n't accept credit cards .
Prices are fair across the board for both food and bev .
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
Well ... they can run but they ca n't hide .
This was one of the BEST restaurants I 've ever been to .
Zero ambiance to boot .
The meat dishes were only so-so .
I love it .
My fiance and I recently wanted to see the city and deceided to take a dinner cruise .
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
Their coffee is quite good too !
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery , generic white sauce , this is your place .
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila .
I stopped by for some brunch today and had the vegan cranberry pancakes and some rice milk .
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
Heartland Brewery is a great way to start or finish your day .
Chef Waldy 's always measures up .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred , not caramelized and smelled of kerosene .
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
It 's a nice place to relax and have conversation .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
Our friends have not arrived yet .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
and you ca n't beat the prices .
This place , however , has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average .
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful .
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $ 8 a piece .
I have never in my life sent back food before , but I simply had to , and the waiter argued with me over this .
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again !!
I ca n't believe people complain about no cheese sticks ?
The Four Seasons restaurant is a great experience .
I did n't complain , I liked the atmosphere so much .
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I 've had at this price range .
The restaurant is cute but not upscale .
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre .
Delivery service is great too .
Its not curry in a slurry crap , and regular run of the mill food .
Service was warm and attentive , beef carpaachio was exellent ( huge portion ) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared .
You can do it here .
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good .
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile .
The service was outstanding .
Going to Ballato 's is like coming home and eating in my own kitchen , an absolute delight !
Would definitely go back again .
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy 's Bronx , or for that matter , Jimmy 's Uptown , again .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
I go at least 3 times a month and have never been disappointed .
Everything is delicious , though , my gf and I come here once a week sometimes - you will get addicted !
I went for restaurant week .
Very neighborhoody , very quick and sufficient .
Delicious crab cakes too .
Wonderful !
The red curry is weak and tasteless , the pad thai is stuck together and lumpy , the rice is often overcooked , and the seafood is pretty sketchy .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
The ceiling is amazing !
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and do n't want to bother going farther for a better place .
Chance is a small cozy restaurant , with a romantic feel to it , the decor is great .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
Off the beaten path , this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants .
The bread is the soft paratha bread ( unlike the plain bread they use in Calcutta ) , and the stuffing is tandoori styled and very flavorful .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
The entree was bland and small , dessert was not inspired .
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place , and are not in a rush , this place is a bad idea .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner ?
Nothing against a good sales call , but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious .
But they do .
never swaying , never a bad meal , never bad service ...
NO more reservations , expensive tips and annoying stuff .
Authentic Taiwanese food that 's cheap ... what more could you ask for ?
Great food .
Service is top notch .
but their mac cheese was YUMMY !
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street .
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager , but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up .
I look forward to eating here again
Again , no apology , no is there anything else I can get you , no can I get you a drink to make up for it , nothing !!!!
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had ( I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat ) .
Not only is the food authentic , but the staff here are practically off-the-boat , they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine .
It is sometimes a little cramped , and can get a little warm , but hello , it 's NYC !
Nice value .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
For appetizers , I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings .
And these are not small , wimpy fast food type burgers - these are real , full sized patties .
Amazing !
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak ( I tried them ALL ) .
I lOVE THIS PLACE !
This place is a great stop for great food .
A guaranteeed delight !
Why make a reservation if you are n't going to keep it ?
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda .
We were charged full price .
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth .
We had great desserts ( including the best cannoli I 've ever had ) and then they offered an after dinner drink , on the house .
Such a disappointment ...
it 's good but , like the movie is never as good as the book , this is same analogy .
I went with JWILS .
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes , I ca n't wait !
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
Do n't go .
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
In fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
Their bagels are fine , but they are a little overcooked , and not really a ' special ' bagel experience .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
Very , very nice
Overall a worthwhile experience .
Worth it for a special occasion , or any time !
The food was exceptional .
Here 's to the fake fish tanks too ...
The combination of fresh tomato sauce , fresh mozz cheese , basil and the dough they make with imported flour , makes this is one of the better pizza 's in NY .
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins , inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent ?
The selection of food is excellent ( I 'm not used to having much choice at restaurants ) , and the atmosphere is great .
Apparently , the good cook works then .
Could be pricey without a prix fixe meal .
I love the drinks , esp lychee martini , and the food is also VERY good .
Great food ( spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry ) , very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom .
I do n't know about you guys , but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere .
The food arrived in about 15 minutes .
An excellent service
Otherwise , this place has great service and prices and a nice friendly atmosphere .
several times and put up with the waiters ' bad manners , knowing that their job is n't easy .
I asked for seltzer with lime , no ice .
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers .
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .
During the course of the past 3 months , the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better .
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant .
The food now is inconsistent .
For some reason , all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon .
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible .
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring .
Ambience is delightful , service impeccable .
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it !
We 've lived in the area for more than 8 years .
My suggestion is to eat family style because you 'll want to try the other dishes .
Sake collection was excellent ( Try Nanbu Bijin ) , but pricy .
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
Great sake !
If you want good tasting , well seasoned latin food eat at Cabana and you ca n't go wrong .
It was raining , and we figured why not ?
First off , the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her ( odd in a restaurant with 6 tables ) and got our order wrong .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
With the exception of our lemon salad that had so much pepper on it that our eyes started watering , the food here was decent , not great .
Some of the finest latin women you 'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy 's .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
but ive heard a lot about this for the past 2 yrs and finally decided to eat here .
An awesome organic dog , and a conscious eco friendly establishment .
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food , except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi , seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice !
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY -- I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country .
Sure , the setting is nice .
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
Food is great and inexpensive .
Rather than eating the meat entree being offered , I requested a vegetarian dish .
Not only have I worked in restaurants for many years , I am now in culinary school , I am a huge lover of oysters and fish , and my girlfriend is half Korean !
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me .
I thought I had died and gone to heaven .
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights .
We go often for lunch and the place is packed .
The portion sizes here are huge , and the sushi is good .
Food was OK - fish was cooked well .
Buon appetito !
Unlike HH up the block , this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for .
The lamb was tender so full of flavor , the dessert was divine !!
Ca n't wait wait for my next visit .
There was a heat problem to boot , so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats !
The place was real empty but that was because this was the first Sunday they ever opened .
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
So rude .
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but , that 's just it -- the PAST !
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was , we ended up going to Ping 's three weekends in a row !!!
None was made so i hung up .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
Threw my fiance 's surprise 30th birthday dinner here could n't be happier .
The service was friendly and the atmosphere was casual .
Moderate prices .
The hot and sour soup was unbearably hot and tasted of only pepper and nothing else .
Excellent atmosphere , delicious dishes good and friendly service .
After I paid for my purchase , I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie .
We ate outside at Haru 's Sake bar because Haru 's restaurant next door was overflowing .
If I could rate the people this place would be off the charts - unfortunately - the pizza , sorry - not the best in NYC .
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that .
Do n't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
If you ' re in New York , you do not want to miss this place .
BEST spicy tuna roll , great asian salad .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
For all of you new to Indian food , try the Paneer Roll , it is a piece of heaven .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
The food options rule .
The wine list is extensive and impressive .
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
IT WAS OUR ONLY OPPORTUNITY TO VISIT AND WANTED AN AUTHENTIC ITALIAN MEAL .
if you 're looking for perfect traditional sushi , go here - if you 're looking for interesting combinations , try sushi of gari 's ( east side ) .
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we 've ever had !!
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal .
I 've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all .
Warm , comfortable surroundings , nice appointments ( witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms ) .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
The highly spiced chai tea was great too .
Paul , the maitre d' , was totally professional and always on top of things .
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost !
It 's all about the food !!
While their kitchen food is delicious , their Sushi is out of this world .
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon , which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here , Peasant has been our favorite !
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well .
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup .
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever .
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food .
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit .
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here : simple contract , deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20 .
I recommend it !
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful .
Believe me , they live up to the name .
The food is uniformly exceptional , with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating , whether it 's on the menu or not .
The pesto pizza was excellent , thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I 'd never heard of before .
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
But , they were too big for the bun .
Food was just average ... if they lowered the prices just a bit , it would be a bigger draw .
And , atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space , they left us awkardly seated .
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice .
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive .
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different , there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude .
just walk by the window and see all the unbiased positive reviews in all the major nyc publications .
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian .
We went to eat at the Jekyll and Hyde restaurant on Friday night and really enjoyed the fun atmosphere and good food .
I have been living in NYC for bit now and I have to say I love to go out and explore the scene .
My GF and I dine at Bukhara often as she lives near it .
PERFECT FOR DATES !
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date .
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds .
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered .
Have the iced tea .
Now at the top of our list , Del Frisco 's Steakhouse .
A beef Consomme .
Yum , the chicken is great here .
fine dining restaurant quality .
Do n't go with a larger group than 4 !
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
There is no excuse for such lousy service !
I have enjoyed everything I have ever gotten and the fish is so fresh and always prepared in a great way .
Harumi Sushi has the freshest and most delicious array of sushi in NYC .
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna .
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all .
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
I 've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza .
The noodle and rices dishes taste great .
by dinner time , they turn it around and mount a huge comeback !!
I 'm going back .
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys fine cuisine at reasonable prices .
So , the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious .
The restaurant was quiet and intimate .
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you 're with .
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty .
Just because P Diddy had a party at Butter does n't mean we should be automatically impressed .
Try the mediterranean salad , it is a true experience for your taste buds !!
The bread was stale , the salad was overpriced and empty .
Try the cheesecake !
This place does n't make any sense
My turkey burger was not cooked at all , my friends salmon was completely raw .
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality .
. the best I 've found outside of the Chinatown masters .
Well worth the trip , close to City Hall and downtown subway stops .
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for .
The food , drinks and service are clearly among the best in the city .
Yes , they use fancy ingredients , but even fancy ingredients do n't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right .
The service is a bit slow , but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli , Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night .
While the food was good ( certainly no Il Mulino ) the service was horrendous .
Go hungry and enjoy .
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $ 8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $ 2.99 / lb at the store .
The only thing that strikes you is the decor ? ( not very pleasant ) .
The wine the service was very good too .
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city .
The food was delicious and clearly fresh ingredients were used .
The service is always bad though , do n't expect much of anything from your server , and I would not recommend bringing a date here either .
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $ 10 .
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order , but once the food is ordered , you are in for a treat .
Food was okay , nothing great .
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily .
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end .
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
How this place survives the competitive west village market in this economy , or any other for that matter , is beyond me .
This place was not ALL THAT !
I 've been here twice now .
The Steak Tartare is a great bet , they fix it for you at the table .
Bravo , Blue Hill !
SO SO SO SO SO good !
Yes , there might be a wait if you have no reservations .
If you are a Tequila fan you will not be disappointed .
They do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
It was delicious and large !
Wow over 100 beers to choose from .
I would highly recommend it .
The portions are HUGE , so it might be good to order three things to split ( rather than one appetizer and entree per person ) for two people .
It 's a small cute restaurant .
Meat dishes now adorn the selections , although there 's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices .
This place is great .
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff .
A great choice at any cost and a great deal .
You wo n't find that anywhere in Manhattan .
Again , the waitress was awesome .
Even though it is a little loud , you do n't have to yell at each other to talk .
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre .
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best , freshly baked bread !
Keep up the good work guys !
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT .
Maybe it was the great company ( I had friends visiting from Philly – yes , it was not a date this time ) or the super reasonable price point , but I just ca n’t say enough good things about this brasserie .
Interior was so so .
But after last night , Spice Grill is the only place I 'm eating indian cuisine .
All in all , I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future .
Great wine , great food .
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
Oh yes , and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars , there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls , some of which , I would love to know where they obtained .
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad .
The food is alright - some stuff is good - some is not ( like the steak dish which tends to be dry ) .
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix : Appetizers were ok , waiter gave me poor suggestion . . try the potato stuff kanish best one .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals .
Oh , and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough - yummy !
Made my dining experience uncomfortable .
Its dark , and cozy . . there is always jazz music playing when we go .
The food tasted very good .
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table .
Go to japanese sushi place or Spanish tapas place - this creation in Williamsburg is a misstake .
Everyone I bring here always loves it .
Great place , great value .
The atmosphere is n't the greatest , but I suppose that 's how they keep the prices down .
Old school meets New world .
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit .
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
It 's like you are transported to the Italian countryside , very romantic and filled with antiques .
Terrible , terrible management - deserves to be shut-down .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
I really liked this place .
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning .
The food was amazing , the service was so attentive and personable , and how about that ambience !
So some of the reviews here are accurate about the crowd and noise .
Still we keep going back : )
We been there and we really enjoy the food , was areally great food , and the service was really good .
They do n't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
Some servers make you feel like they are doing you a favor to bring you the food .
If you want to save some money , do n't go here .
Service was quick .
Behind this counter , two men are squeezed in .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
No you 're going to go back because the food was good .
This place has good potential , but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else .
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough ( both in quantity AND quality ) .
Do n't judge this place prima facie , you have to try it to believe it , a home away from home for the literate heart .
though the service could be better ( possibly due to more than one very large group in the house ) , it is very cordial and warm , as is the general clientele .
Went here last night - nice decor , good service , but the food was surprisingly excellent .
Yes , the prices are high , but I felt it was worth it .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
Great food , great lay out and awesome service .
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri .
It was good , but was not what I thought it would be .
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past .
I am a 100 lb girl , had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner , and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place !
This is a great place to take out-of-towners , and perfect for watching the sunset .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
It 's like they took leftover chicken , poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it ( the sauce was translucent and red ) .
Unfortunately , the food is outstanding , but everything else about this restaurant is the pits .
I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening .
It was $ 14 not really bad for a pound of Pastrami-but it did n't have much taste-I 've had better for less elsewhere !
They 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
Despite the confusing mirrors this will likely be my go-to for modern Japanese food for the foreseeable future .
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them .
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans .
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices .
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating .
love the food .
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal .
To the owners ; good job guys , this place is a keeper !
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time .
Just go in and sample the greatest french food west of Daniel .
Pizza and garlic knots are great as well , I order from them quite often and the delivery is always super quick !
I had the mango chicken and i ca n't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful .
They are amazing !
Although the tables may be closely situated , the candle-light , food-quality and service overcompensate .
10
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you do n't tip more than 10 % .
I for one will never patronize them again .
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place .
The staff is very attentive and we can almost always get a table .
Their wines by the glass are a great accompaniment and you can eat like a king with wine for under $ 30 .
Stay away from the two specialty rolls on the menu , though - too much avocado and rice will fill you up right quick .
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil .
Never fails to please .
The decor is nice , but more casual than fine dining .
We were then shooed inside .
It 's very spicy but not offensive .
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting , the additional menu items are only written in Chinese .
However , it was worth the visit .
And forget what you read under me , the atmosphere is n't that bad either .
I 've been coming here regularly since it opened , about 2 years ago .
The restaurant could use a little paint , but all in all a great sushi place !
both are very reasonably priced ( around $ 8 for dinner and $ 5 for lunch ) , and are delicious and filling .
Service was prompt , friendly and great .
Great pizza and fantastic service .
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course ( other restaurants offer 3 choices ) and ended up ordering a la carte .
Do n't get me started on the margaritas , either .
The counter service is bad .
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place , but also become hostile !
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona , the cheeseburger huge and delictable , and the service professional wan warm .
I also ordered the Change Mojito , which was out of this world .
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost .
Very popular style Izakaya ( Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ) .
The sauce may not be for everyone , since it is distintive .
They also do a great job for restaurant week .
Service is not what you are coming here for ...
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan , I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray 's .
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining .
Their calzones are horrific , bad , vomit-inducing , YUCK .
We visit at least once a month .
You 'll adore it .
The signs , the specials menus , food , and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese .
Good bagels and good cream cheese .
They sell special sushi , everything have a topping , sauce and etc .
There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA , but few out here .
This is the kind of place you 'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret .
It 's really a takeaway place , I would n't sit if I could take it home .
The service varys from day to day - sometimes they 're very nice , and sometimes not .
The crust has a great bite and a good chew , the sauce is light with a nice acidity to it , the salt from the cheese is great , really heightens the flavor of all the other components .
The food is usually good but it certainly is n't a relaxing place to go .
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared .
The place just is n't ready for prime time .
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork ... so now it 's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company .
Much more reasonably priced too !
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints , and has a bar which deserves a mention .
We had a most unpleasant experience at this restaurant .
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS .
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience .
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating , and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
From the incredible food , to the warm atmosphere , to the friendly service , this downtown neighborhood spot does n't miss a beat .
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
The bill is approximately $ 25 for 2 at lunch without drinks .
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they ca n't compete with Temple 's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food .
now if they could only get a toaster .
Ruth , mother of the Bride
The soup is pretty good too .
Sweet Irish bartender is always happy and able to bring a smile to my friends a my face .
The food was delicious , the atmosphere was relaxed , and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second !
While I quite liked the food and the ambience , I 'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window .
I have never had cheescake like this .
Probably would not go again ...
For starters they delivered us someone else 's order .
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired ' doneness ' accompanied by salads and sides that do n't look like leafy road kill .
The food was pretty good , but a little flavorless and the portions very small , including dessert .
As a long-time patron of Mamoun 's , I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city .
I 'm looking forward to going back soon and eventually trying most everything on the menu !
This restaurant was way overhyped .
We order a bit of everything on the menu .
Hopefully next time , I will save room for dessert .
We 've always gotten amazing service and we love the food .
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident , but for the rest of us who 've actually eaten ethnic food , this is simply dull .
Over the years the host , Vittorio , and his crew , have always treated me as family -- although with all the business this not-so-little gem does , it amazing he 's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor .
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city .
It 's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner .
Next time , we would n't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks .
Just straight up cheap , good food .
Everything about this restaurant was special .
It appears to be the owner 's first venture and it shows .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
They are still living in the dark ages and do not have an answering machine , so if you want to make a reservation you are limited .
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely .
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
The wine selection ( by the glass and bottle ) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they 're going to be in town .
Le Pere Pinard has a $ 15 pre-theater menu that is outstanding .
Will have to return to try the chocolate !
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
Great survice
Do n't look down your nose at me like that ...
Decent wine at reasonable prices .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group .
Oh , and there 's hookah .
enough said !
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
One of my favorites though was the Angry Lobster , a cold lobster salad that was magnificent .
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar .
uni from maine vs california , sea vs freshwater eel ) to get a good taste comparison .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
It 's super-trendy and there 's always someone to take that empty seat , so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence .
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me .
The waiters were very professional , courteous and attentive .
What ?
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home ( it reheats really well also ) .
Celebrated my fathers birthday here .
Definitely not worth the price !
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
I 'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely !
I consider the best Grand Sichuan restaurant in NYC .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
Authentic Shanghai style and I can not recommend a better Shanghai place in New York .
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant .
However , it is jus too good to not praise it .
And I hate to say this but I doubt I 'll ever go back .
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash .
We try frequenting new restaurants all over the city , but any time that we visit a restaurant other than Roth 's we are always disappointed .
I highly recommend this restaurant !!
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food , as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable .
Lives up to the hype
I had a terrific meal , and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range , instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that was n't as good .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
The appetizers are also delicious !
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong , it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent !!
Three page wine menu , one page entree and horedevous .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn .
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza .
It is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet - go late and it will be packed !
I was there on sat . for my birthday and we had an excellent time .
At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES .
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber .
Good drink .
The mussles were the fishiest things I 've ever tasted , the seabass was bland , the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese , the penne w / chicken had bones in it ... It was disgusting .
Food is usually very good , though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders .
Excellent food , although the interior could use some help .
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting .
Southern Indian cuisine is still there , too .
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food .
Their whitefish salad is excellent -- all whitefish with a little mayo .
The bibimbap was average , but the stone bowl was n't even close to sizzling .
Service , however , was excellent ... and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot .
For authentic Thai food , look no further than Toons .
I came here for my friend 's birthday and keep coming back ever since .
I 've never been disappointed .
Also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
Definately check it out !!!
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great .
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great .
This place is always very crowded and popular .
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun ( dessert ) recommended by the waiter .
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night .
Restaurant with a view
All I can say is WOW !
The wait staff is very friendly , if not overly efficient .
Good for a quick sushi lunch .
This lovely French-Asian fusion restaurant stands out amongst other great restaurants on Smith Street .
The pickles were great addition .
I was n't here for the pizza so I ca n't comment on that yet but what I had was very good .
Ruby Foo 's is a tourist trap .
For those of you who do n't know , Uni is Sea Urchin in Japanese , which happens to be my favorite . )
This place is worth going even if only for their beer .
Grilled whole fish wonderful , great spicing .
I had the Lamb special which was perfect .
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family .
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap , frozen , shredded cheese common to most pizzaria 's .
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
I lived in Maine for ten years and grew up on fish .
It 's cute and simple and I loved it .
Do n’t go to this place !
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood .
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
Great vibe , lots of people .
we love th pink pony .
Okay-i do n't mind the oily part ( cause most are cooked that way ) but it was way too bland .
Anyway , the owner was fake .
I agree .
The downstairs bar scene is very cool and chill ...
Even my Indian friend could n't believe how good and tasty everything was .
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food .
Maggot in the food !
My roommate and I LOVE this place .
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf ( ok bad joke ) , but you will see .
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service .
This is one of our all-time favorite .
Nice find .
Now we moved out of the state and every visit to NYC includes a stop here .
We recently spent New Year 's Eve at the restaurant , and had a great experience , from the wine to the dessert menu .
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review .
The flavors are amazing and the value is phenomenal .
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice .
Definitely not a restaurant to skip !
but I would n't wan na live there .
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order .
The entrees were served with miso soup and rice .
Nice value .
The wine and cheese plate are plentiful and ca n't wait to try the fondue or table grilling .
The dinner menu is diverse and top-notch as well .
my picks : Guizhou chicken , fish with hot bean source , fish fillet in spicy source ( special menu ) .
Pizza here is consistently good .
It was like the servers forgot that they actually worked there and instead wanted to hang out and be cool .
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations .
I 'm saving up for my next visit .
Not cheap , but not that expensive either .
We had a good time .
Also , the sandwiches ( nearing $ 7 ) did n't come with anything like chips or a side .
For years , I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best , but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit .
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window .
We 'll definitly be back again !
we spent 50 $ $ definetly will come back with my friends !!!
The food is great and reasonably priced .
i 've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine , if not good .
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo , actually the street is part of that adventure .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
I HAVE NEVER HAD A BAD MEAL ( OR BAD SERVICE ) @ PIGALLE .
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy !
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else .
So eat fast and order a lot .
The food now is inconsistent .
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall , it 's a bit intimidating at first , but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - do n't hesitate to ask for help with what to get .
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date .
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive .
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly .
Okay service .
A wonderful place !
Food does n't appear to be cooked on premisis but there 's a high turnover so its pretty fresh .
As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were .
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
Total hipster-wannabe attitude in an otherwise sweet spot .
I absolutely love this place !!!
Great atmoshere and worth every bit .
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy 's !
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great .
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
It costs $ 2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll , but the roll more than triples in size , and that 's not just from the rice .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
good music , great food , speedy service affordable prices .
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
The food was great - sushi was good , but the cooked food amazed us .
Amma is nothing special .
As to my comment about the food , no apology or acknowledgment was made .
Nice view of river and NYC .
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I 've had .
The wait staff is friendly , and the food has gotten better and better !
Raga 's is a romantic , cozy restaurant .
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine .
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others , but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation .
This food is asian-air fusion .
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
Not a great place for family or general dining .
Try the ribs , sizzling beef and couple it with coconut rice .
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly .
All the staff is absolutely professional !!
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
The side dishes were passable , and I did get a refill upon request .
Food is great and inexpensive .
Was surprisingly disappointed .
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing !!
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
Priced at upper intermediate range .
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi ( on saffron risotto-yum ! ) .
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down , rushing you out .
( Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer !!!
Excellent sashimi , and the millennium roll is beyond delicious .
At first we were a little taken aback , as this seemed to present a problem , although the restaurant looked fairly empty , but they hastily put the table together for us .
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance .
The food however , is what one might expect .
The buffet had a nice selection .
The fried calamari was even better !
Dug the blue bar area too .
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world .
Nha Trang , while being notorious for utter lack of comfort and decor , horribly slow wait staff and horribly quick meals , is one of the best vietnamese restaurants i 've ever been to . the pho is delicious and comes with very fresh vegtables .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
All the NYU students love this place so it makes for a fun young atmosphere .
Based on a visit a month ago , I returned the week before Christmas and was hugely disappointed .
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category .
Wonderful menu , warm inviting ambiance , great service the FOOD keeps me coming back !
Only drawback - they wo n't toast your bagel , and they do n't make eggs for the bagel .
I have been in many restaurants all over the city and Roth 's Steakhouse has quickly become one of my favorites .
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City !
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
The atmosphere takes you to that place , the place many dream of .
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation , so a casual lunch here would probably be best .
Eat at your own risk .
I highly recommend it .
To me it exemplifies Soho , cute , artsy , interesting .
All in all a wonderful experience , ca n't wait to come back .
If you 're in town , it 's worth searching for another place .
Consistently good Japanese Tapas .
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret .
The menu is Prix Fixe , so be prepared to spend at least $ 60 per person , but it is Well worth itsuperb food .
We did n't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem .
since i was in the neighborhood , we made sure to give this a try .
I love when restaurants think using fancy expensive ingrediants makes the food fine cuisine , even with no idea how to use them .
We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied .
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people .
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good , but this has been the best I 've eaten so far .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
Authentic food and they have REAL service , not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door .
I love this place
The service is a quite slow , but friendly .
When she complained , the waitress said , Sorry .
I trust the people at Go Sushi , it never disappoints .
Quality ingredients preparation all around , and a very fair price for NYC .
It was such a fantastic dining experience , that I returned again the same week .
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic , just simple , small and sparse .
You want to have a real hot dog in Brooklyn ?
There are no negatives to speak of .
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries .
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes .
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great !
The prices were fantastic .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
The service is ok , some of the people did n't get what they asked for .
Even after a few bad evenings at Bardolino , I keep coming back .
The best thing I tasted were the lambchops .
In the evening , this place attracted a well dressed , with it , NY crowd .
during happy hour !
The foie gras was sweet and luscious .
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and did n't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait .
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away .
The dinner was ok , nothing I would have again .
Because of the delicate thin crust , take-out pies get soggy in their boxes .
I would definently recommend this restaurant .
Great idea and base for restaurant , but work on the details , people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
We actually gave 10 % tip ( which we have never done despite mediocre food and service ) , because we felt totally ripped off .
Great food , great decor , great service .
I just had my first visit to this place and ca n't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu .
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese was n't even fully melted !
The food is good , but very expensive for the casualness of it .
The atmosphere is attractive , but a little uncomfortable .
If you like Sakagura but you feel it 's too much , you 'd better try Yokocho .
However , for what we spent , overall , it just was not up to par .
Rao 's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
The restaurant has a Family feel , not least with regard to the portions which are enormous ; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine .
The food is terrible and overall , I would have to say avoid at all costs .
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it .
I would not expect this for a $ 55 dinner .
Unbelievable .
You will find yourself returning quite often .
The service was attentive .
But they do n't have a toaster , which is strange .
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal .
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
Appetizer are excellent here ; you can make a great ( and inexpensive ) meal out of them .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
While this is n't classical restaurant fare , the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs .
A con was the slow bar service .
Also , the place is popular with families , so if you 're bothered by children running loose like wild animals , come later at night to avoid them .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
the two waitress 's looked like they had been sucking on lemons .
Creative , consistent , fresh .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
I just read Mocaramel 's review and felt compelled to respond .
The location is perfect .
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye .
It was pleasantly uncrowded , the service was delightful , the garden adorable , the food ( from appetizers to entrees ) was delectable .
I can not imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant .
but overall i give it a 10
No doubt the next time we want to go out for a special occasion or are entertaining guests from out of town , Spirit and Bateaux will be our destination .
To be fair , the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy .
the real kicker of the menu , however , is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
Great vibe , lots of people .
The place is clean , and if you like soul food , then this is the place to be !
I 've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all .
$ 20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality - I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to .
Huge portions , great and attentive service , and pretty good prices .
Came looking for this place because I heard good things .
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better . !!
We had a very nice time .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
We , there were four of us , arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude .
I was wrong .
Will go back but only sate those homesick stomach cravings !
over .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella , but every pie is ultra fresh .
Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago .
enough said !
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet .
The reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews .
Our waitress was n't mean , but not especially warm or attentive either .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
It 's simply the best meal in NYC .
Authentic Korean food lovers should visit 32nd Street , of course .
Went to Village last night for my birthday .
Do n't be fooled by crowds of people .
In fact , while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu , and I could n't help telling them that the food was horrible .
What a pleasant surprise !
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive .
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out .
Good , because hey , it 's more food , but bad because dim sum is supposed to be smaller portions so you can try out more dishes and smaller so that each dish is cheap .
In fact , it appears he is going to go postal at any moment .
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
No desert menu , no apology , nothing !!!!!!
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited .
The counter service is bad .
Orsay , is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food , and French service as well .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
I know this is the case in many nyc eateries , but here , they really cram you in to the point where it 's borderline uncomfortable .
WE ENDED UP IN LITTLE ITALY IN LATE AFTERNOON .
I LOVED THE SHOWS .
We had reservations at 9pm , but was not seated until 10:15 pm .
Delicate spices , onions , eggs and a kick-ass roti .
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call .
( that is A MUST , but not every restaurant can do ... )
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service .
Delivery is fast too .
I would n't mind going back some time , but not before trying others nearby .
This place has the best Indian food in New York , hands down .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered , but some other items that were not ordered .
Which lets face it .... at times it 's a good thing .
Went on a 3 day oyster binge , with Fish bringing up the closing , and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended , because it was so great !
if your into thai . . you can not miss this great restaurant .
Try the Pad Thai , or sample anything on the appetizer menu ... they 're all delicious .
Food took some time to prepare , all worth waiting for .
The bar drinks were Eh , ok to say the least .
First of all , this place is * not * romantic , as claimed by Citysearch 's editorial review .
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat .
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy .
This was a great surprise .
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better .
What a ripoff !
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend .
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have .
Nick Stef 's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area , so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald 's Square check it out !
All the appetizers and salads were fabulous , the steak was mouth watering and the pasta was delicious !!!
Immediately after we paid , the waiter took the money and said , okay , you guys are outta here .
I live nearby and when they first opened , I ate there a lot .
Do n't eat here unless you 're starving for thai food and you work next door .
We had champagne and caviar and felt like princesses !
Not sure where the previous reviewer , lonk , dined , but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food !
If you 're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance , this is quite and exquisite choice .
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently .
We liked it so much , that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York .
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty .
personally i say save your money .
It wo n't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food .
GO HERE .
Service is usually pretty good .
By the time we were done , it was past 1:00 am .
Upon entering , we were greeted by the owners , Steven and Frederick , who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts .
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular .
I 'm a friendly person , so I would n't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal .
Not worth it .
it is not consistent .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz . of Maine Lobster in it .
The service was typical short-order , dinner type .
Everyone must come here at least once .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones .
However , our main course was wonderful .
skip dessert .
Check out the secret back room .
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef , and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways .
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts .
Not enough wines by the glass either .
i have eaten here a handful of times , for no reason besides sheer convenience .
people are rude bit again it 's new york !
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor .
please do n't fool us .
The food is very good and the service is great .
I pray it stays open forever .
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars !
love the food .
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant .
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high ( ask for extra rye bread ) .
Good creative rolls !
Was surprisingly disappointed .
Dessert was also to die for !
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch , this place is great .
I will not be coming here at 3am again .
It hits the spot every time
I love going there !
One of the BEST
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown .
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions .
If only they delivered , they 'd make a mint !
The filet mignon dish was superb !
Pizza is terrific , as is homemade pasta .
It 's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book .
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there .
I have been to Mary 's many times and I like it .
I can not imagine you not rushing out to eat there .
But that is highly forgivable .
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called , cold and soggy .
We did have to wait at the bar for approx .
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting .
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth .
you can actually get 2 salads worth if u take it home and add it to some lettuce !
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce , and the duck noodles are yummy as well .
Food is excellent quality for a good restaurant price .
Plus , when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night , the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over !
We were looking forward to nice glass of Sangria when we arrived .
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
The price is reasonable although the service is poor .
Baluchi 's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices .
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice .
The food was spicy and delicious .
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance .
Great wine list and great cocktail menu .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
Everything is very cheap .
Very romantic fires - I 've literally spent hours at Lanterna , drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience .
Another review here claimed the pre-fix was $ 29/per person including sake but it is $ 55 per person not including sake .
I have eaten at Saul , many times , the food is always consistently , outrageously good .
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere .
Can be a bit busy around peak times because of the size .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
Food is great .
There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis .
Everything was going good until we got our meals .
Make reservations but expect to be delayed 15-20 minutes as the hosting staff was having difficulty seating guests who arrived with a reservation because they probably had a lot of walk ins being so close to Time Square .
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho .
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends , and spent three enjoyable hours there .
I grew up on these bagels .
Looking around , I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant , not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen .
So , for good food i 'd recommend it , but not for a fun night out .
Best of all is the warm vibe , the owner is super friendly and service is fast .
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai ( more modern and sleek ) .
Being from the south , there are n't any good delis in my area and while watching Foods across America on PBS I found out about Katz 's Deli .
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza ( as I love La Pizza Fresca ) .
Sit back in one of those comfortable chairs .
Not one to jump to complaints ( hence my lack of previous online reviewing ) , I called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations .
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers .
Only complaint is the pricing -- I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu .
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking , which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors .
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area .
I go out to eat and like my courses , servers are patient and never rush courses or force another drink .
After reading the great reviews , I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
There 's candlelight and music .
i had a delicious shrimp creole .
bottles of wine are cheap and good .
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens , this is among the best .
This place is incredibly tiny .
The staff greeted me warmly at the door and I was seated promptly and the food was excellent .
My wife and I always enjoy the young , not always well trained but nevertheless friendly , staff , all of whom have a story .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
Taxan delicious !
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
Do n't go alone --- even two people is n't enough for the whole experience , with pickles and a selection of meats and seafoods .
Love this place , every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go .
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt , we got seated right away and the server was very friendly .
Our teenage kids love it , too .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
I ca n't stand this dungeon .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
The place is sleek , modern and playfull and i will return again frequently .
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu .
No green beans , no egg , no anchovy dressing , no nicoise olives , no red onion .
I have been to spice three times - twice during lunch and once at dinner .
Ambiance and music funky , which I enjoy .
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way .
One of the best , if not THE best , restaurants in Park Slope ( and NY in general )
Not someplace I would seek to try out but if I am in the area again , I will certainly stop by .
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
I have been going back again and again .
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience .
If I wanted to deal with a crappy scene and annoying customers I 'd go out in Manhattan .
I 've eaten at all three locations and I always love , love the food , the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable .
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this , but the second visit was even worse .
The photobook menu was a cute touch , certainly helped my group and I pick the fried chicken , pork chop , and noodle dishes that we all ordered .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
Most of the sandwiches are made with soy mayonaise which is actually pretty good .
When I 'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office , I head for Cafe St. Bart 's .
But that was n't the icing on the cake : a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had .
My friend ordered some of their special sushi rolls which had excellent presentation and tasted great !
Oh yes , and they lie on the phone , claiming they have seating in the garden , then of course the seats are not available .
I will be returning .
When my dessert came , there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift , and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort .
Would n't recomend it for dinner !
The menu may be small , but everything on it is delicious .
The service , wine selection , ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition .
The service leaves much to be desired , from feeling like you are rushed the place your order , to being ignored the rest of the night .
Yeah Shanghai is also great but not quite as good -- they use the same amount of salt but without sweetness to balance out .
If you live outside the neighborhood , do n't bother !
( 2 ) egg custards and pork buns at either bakery on west side of Mott street just south of Canal .
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy .
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st , taj mahal is also very comparable , in food quality , to the much overpraised ( and underdeserving ) baluchi 's .
The food was definitely good , but when all was said and done , I just could n't justify it for the price ( including 2 drinks , $ 100/person ) ...
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York .
Make sure you try this place as often as you can .
On a monthly basis my friends and I get together and have a girls night out .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
The scallion pancakes and fried dumplings were nothing out of the ordinary .
Satisfying .
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining .
And all of that wo n't break your bank !
Finally , I got sick of the bad service , obnoxious smirks , and snotty back talk .
I loved this place !!
However , if you want great food at a great price and do n't mind the decor , you ca n't beat this place .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
This is a nice pizza place with good selection of thin crust pizza including the Basil slice .
The food was almost always EXCELLENT .
A hearty two thumbs up !
We ordered dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum .
I live in the West Village and I 've been to a lot of restaurants .
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine .
Go there once and oh yes ... you will go back ... you will ...
Being a vegan myself , I 've made a point of trying all the vegan restaurants in Manhattan -- and Zen Palate is easily my favorite .
All toppings are so fresh you 'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect , that one actually thinks of how it was made .
Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves .
The food and staff always surprise me with the new heights they are taken to .
The room is a gorgeous , bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink .
Great Shabu Shabu
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I 've found little toninos .
WE WERE PLEASANTLY SURPRISED WITH OUR CHOICE .
Good Experience
To speak of the Park Side , words can not describe .
Secondly , on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume .
Bill a little high , but worth it .
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese .
A little crowded but they move that line really fast !
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is # 1 .
He offers subpar service and has no personality .
Better than the bagel shop on the corner , but not worth going out of your way for , in my opinion .
Loved it !
The setting is casual and romantic .
not the food , not the ambiance , not the service , I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
this place is amazingly bad .
The rice to fish ration was also good -- they did n't try to overpack the rice .
When the main course finally arrived ( another 45mins ) half of our order was missing .
I will never visit this restaurant again .
This is definitely an excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the night scene is more than alive .
The pizza is overpriced and soggy .
Based on the reviews for dinner , this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that , but definitely not for Dim Sum again .
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes .
This is such a lovely , peaceful place to eat outside .
Amma has the worst value for money I have experienced in NYC over the past 2 years .
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation .
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time .
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner :
The sushi is average and the prices are anything but .
What more can you ask for ?
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly .
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x .
This is my fourth try over a two year period , and I 'm done .
Our waitress had apparently never tried any of the food , and there was no one to recommend any wine .
The frizzy retro girl ( with winged / Dame Edna glasses ) will yell at you if you try to order a drink .
So I 've never actually been to M proper , but I 've had it delivered a few times .
Even though the place is not beautiful , the food speaks for itself .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
Their pad penang is delicious and everything else is fantastic .
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch ... the ambiance is wonderfull .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin .
For $ 600 ( the most we have ever paid ) not even waving a magic wand will ever get us back for a repeat performance .
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant .
the atmosphere is very nice , and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
They 're also friendlier here , especially the owner , Kenny .
Service is not exactly five star , but thats not really a big deal .
Delish and made to your liking !
The dosas are skimpy , unattractive and drip with grease , and personally I 'd drink popcorn topping before I 'd eat another one of these .
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas .
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
Best things to order are from the grill ( Churrasco and Ribs ) .
Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown .
Please if your thinking about it go , and stay the wait you wo n't be disappointed .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
Anyways , if you 're in the neighborhood to eat good food , I would n't waste my time trying to find something , rather go across the street to Tamari .
Deep Fried Skewers are good and still rare to find in NYC .
This place has totally weird decor , stairs going up with mirrored walls - I am surprised how no one yet broke their head or fall off the stairs - mirrored walls make you dizzy and delusional ...
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp , it 's insanely good .
Service is excellent , no wait , and you get a lot for the price .
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though .
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes .
The well mannered , pleasant staff that Tony has in his employ .
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
The food is o.k. , but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant .
Always busy but fast moving .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled .
Not only was the sushi fresh , they also served other entrees allowed each guest something to choose from and we all left happy ( try the duck !
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food , it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation .
What really makes it shine is the food , which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices , and all made in-house ( even the gyro meat and sausages ) , and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected .
Too bad the food was n't of the same heritage .
But the service is HORRID !
i love the pics of andy warhol when he used to frequent the place ( he painted the ballato 's sign in the window ) .
Although we were told 10-15 minutes and it was more like 45 minutes .
I 'm not picky - but it was actually gross .
Although small , it has beautiful ambience , excellent food ( the catfish is delicious - if ya do n't mind it a lil salty ) and attentive service .
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful !
Restaurant was dirty and unkempt .
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner .
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass .
The Thai food is good .
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant , with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender , but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere .
the teas are great and all the sweets are homemade .
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi , and delicious !
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were .
The Management was less than accomodating .
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to , but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine .
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
I have never had anything like it !
Everyone was more then happy with his choices .
the food is always fresh ...
Service was good and so was the atmosphere .
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th , but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced .
Although the restaurant itself is nice , I prefer not to go for the food .
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent .
The rolls are creative and I have yet to find another sushi place that serves up more inventive yet delicious japanese food .
One of my Fav spots in the city .
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC .
The food is surprisingly good , and the decor is nice .
I ca n't wait to go back .
The food was well prepared and the service impecable .
service was efficient courteous .
I wish they would change back to what it was before .
Decor is nice though service can be spotty .
Pizza here is consistently good .
Will absolutely visit again .
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC .
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn .
The freshest , best variety , and the fastest delivery .
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners !
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful .
Try the lasagnette appetizer .
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST .
Went for a late weekday lunch .
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair .
The waiters are very friendly and helpful and if you frequent they will remember you .
I 'll keep this short .
Very affordable and excellent ambient !
It is thick and slightly soggy .
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap .
Unfortunately , the food was NOT something to get worked up about .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
Take a good sense of humor , an American express card with no limit , walk out with a lollipop , gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
The place is beautiful !
The design and atmosphere is just as good .
Our friends have not arrived yet .
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was .
They could n't even make a salad that was appealing .
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced , the atmosphere is filled with energy ( and the beautiful people of course ) and the food was surprising good !
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter , so i 'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it .
Just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that 's all the service I need ...
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . . .
The food was exceptional .
Ca n't wait to go back .
The DJ is awesome , I have been there for my birthday and a bunch of other times with friends and I keep going back .
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite .
Excellent experience .
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out .
The sake menu should not be overlooked !
How can hope to stay in business with service like this ?
But $ 1 for each small piece ???
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world !
You 'll be ther for every anniversary , birthday , valentines day ...
I 've been to this monster sushi twice , the 46th st once , the 23rd st one a number of times .
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch .
Really though , where 's the seasoning ?
A cool bar with great food , and tons of excellent beer .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
We will be back .
this is the best secret place in midtown ' , I heard that from the bartender , after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms ) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday .
Great deal !
People in the neighborhood seem to love it , too .
My boyfriend and I are avid restaurant goers , and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended Flatbush Farms .
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
I will go back to Suan soon !
Had a great meal there this weekend before heading to the movies !
The burger was great , also .
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city .
From the terrible service , to the bland food , not to mention the unaccommodating managers , the overall experience was horrible .
Are you freaking kidding me ?
I 'm no food critic , but I 'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years .
The crust is thin , the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly .
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food !
The food was good , the place was clean and affordable .
Again , if you are in this neighborhood - by all means , come here .
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) !!!
Unfortunately , unless you live in the neighborhood , it 's not in a convenient location but is more like a hidden treasure .
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location .
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant !
Dessert - ca n't be missed , so save room !!!
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka .
Service was prompt and courteous .
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $ 35 menu .
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you do n't like .
The food is decent at best , and the ambience , well , it 's a matter of opinion , some may consider it to be a sweet thing , I thought it was just annoying .
But dinner here is never disappointing , even if the prices are a bit over the top .
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet .
Be prepared to wait , because the place is pretty tiny .
I have n't been to the other locations .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
Not only do they have the best escargot in town , they always try to accomodate our toddler .
also it 's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place , the service it 's just perfect ... they 're so frendly that we never want to live the place !
The ambience was so fun , and the prices were great , on top of the fact that the food was really tasty .
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey .
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers , other times , they 've skipped my order .
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded .
It is the type of place to run into old friends and have a late , raucus dinner .
The Pad thai , lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but , I 've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places .
In summer-eat outside on a terrace ( another great feature of Suan ) !!!
I am completely hooked on this place , it is ridiculous .
This is where the aforementioned line was .
Not only would I not recommend Jimmy 's restaurants to friends , I would strongly suggest they go anywhere but .
Wonderful at holiday time .
We were so happy with our food and were even more thrilled when we saw the bill .
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom ( third generation-Fornini ) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle ( again making it soggy ) and nothingon the rest .
The space is limited so be prepared to wait up to 45 minutes - 1 hour , but be richly rewarded when you savor the delicious indo-chinese food .
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine , if you can call $ 70.00 inexpensive , the cost is through the roof for better than average fare .
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal .
After so many great reviews here , my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite .
There was a small wait , but shorter than I expected .
Great pizza and fantastic service .
Avoid this place !
Yes , they 're a bit more expensive then typical , but then again , so is their food .
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries .
Cute and decorative .
A nice find in the neighborhood .
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down .
Had a great experience at Trio ... staff was pleasant ; food was tasty and large in portion size - I would highly recommend the portobello/gorgonzola/sausage appetizer and the lobster risotto .
For the location , the prices are very reasonable .
If you go to Roth 's try to be served by Mike , he is GREAT !!
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine , but also for its friendly owners and staff .
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night .
The anti-pasta was excellent , especially the calamari , as were the filling pasta mains .
However , being foodies , we were utterly disappointed with the food .
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city .
The wine list is extensive , well priced and covers alot of regions .
I heartily recommend .
Staff is very accomodating .
I 've been many time and have never been disappointed .
If you 'd like to have a nice light meal with an asian accent , Long Tan is a good place on the slope .
The sandwiches are dry , tasteless and way overpriced .
Jimmy 's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx .
While the room is not particularly comfortable , once you 're seated you 'll forget about everything except what 's on your plate .
We did n't get drink refills and she did n't even offer us the option of dessert .
The nakgi-bokum was horrible .
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm , but the open kitchen is part of the charm .
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service , this is the place .
I have it a 4 instead of 5 because of the price ( just chicken tikka masala - no bread of rice - is $ 25 ) , which I would expect at a upscale Indian restaurant but this place does n't have an upscale feel .
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe .
I hate this .
You can not go wrong with this place .
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary , and to our surprise it was fantastic .
Drinks way over priced .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome , great appetizer to share !
We ordered the chicken casserole , but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken , all dark meat and on the bone .
Service - friendly and attentive .
There is no way it justifies the accolades it receives , the attitude of the staff or the wait for a table .
The overall price tag was very very expensive , something I did expect .
would have rather tried terrace in the sky or water club for that price
Try sushimi cucumber roll .
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
Desserts are almost incredible : my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day .
I came to this restaurant expecting to be surprised but left bored and overcharged .
I wish they would change back to what it was before .
Friendly and informative staff , very attentive and prompt raw bar service .
Why do people rave about the ambience .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous .
Went here on a friend 's reccomendation .
The new menu has a few creative items , they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites ( but they raised the prices ) , the staff is friendly most of the time , but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words : No , ca n't , sorry ... , boy , they wo n't bend the rules for anyone .
Highly recommended !
Took my sister here before attending a show one evening .
I had roast chicken and a salad .
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos .
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city .
The first 2 courses were very good , but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet .
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag , the food was overpriced , there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate .
Big Wong is a great place to eat and fill your stomach .
Not only is the cuisine the best around , the service has always been attentive and charming .
A real dissapointment .
For someone who used to hate Indian food , Baluchi 's has changed my mid .
I have to agree with the previous reviewer .
But $ 500 for a dinner for two that did n't include Wine ?
Recommendations , of course , are required !
The food was great and the service was even better .
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan .
It is very overpriced and not very tasty .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
The service we experienced was friendly and good .
The staff is very sharp and they look good too .
Their sake list was extensive , but we were looking for Purple Haze , which was n't listed but made for us upon request !
Go hungry and enjoy .
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll .
Great find in the West Village !
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away ( we had n't even looked at it yet , we had full beers yet to drink ) , the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations .
Highly recommended !
The service , however , is a peg or two below the quality of food ( horrible bartenders ) , and the clientele , for the most part , are rowdy , loud-mouthed commuters ( this could explain the bad attitudes from the staff ) getting loaded for an AC/DC concert or a Knicks game .
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got !
Curioni 's Pizza has been around since the 1920 's .
The chicken dinner was real good .
If you ware looking for Korean fusion , I suggest you try some of the places in the East Village .
Admittedly , this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate ( and thank goodness , in my opinion ) but for simple , elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US .
It 's a great place to order from or sit-in .
Went here on sat 1/26 and was disappointed .
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx .
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things ( the heavy , black , antique-seeming teapot , for one ) in the restaurant experience .
They do n't concern much of customer 's health , just want to make money .
The food -- though mostly deep-fried -- is simple and satisfying .
To begin , we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave , when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready .
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went .
They did n't give us the dinner special until we asked for it .
Horrible food and Horrible service .
For the quality of food , a little too expensive .
As a retired hipster , I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city .
Try it !
It 's one of our favorite places to eat in NY .
If you do n't mind pre-sliced low quality fish , unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place .
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen .
They were such a rip-off ( $ 8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns ) and not worth trying .
Their exotic salad is basic ly a delcious little green salad with a peanut sauce that is perfect before their sweet basil fried tofu .
The best !
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks !
You can also special order any kind of dumpling , etc .
I knew upon visiting NYC that I wanted to try an orginal deli .
I took my boyfriend for a dinner on saturday night .
I go back in line like three times on average until I ca n't walk anymore .
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal .
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff , because despite the current one this is a great place .
Definitely try the calamari , any pasta , or even the Sliced steak entree .
Growing up in NY , I have eaten my share of bagels .
The waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order .
I 've been wanting to go to this place forever and finally got a table .
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more .
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon .
I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort .
If you 're into being lost when you 're just five feet from your table then hey , that 's a good thing .
However , I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant .
I have been going there since it opened and I ca n't get enough .
Great food but the service was dreadful !
The dishes offered were unique , very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages , sardines with biscuits , large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream ( the best and freshest I 've ever had ) .
Based on the reviews on here , it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 PM .
I 'd definitely recommend this little place .
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch - I dont mind .
Less = More in their case .
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it .
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings , the whole slice is topped with them , not sparsely sprinkled on like some places .
Get there before 7pm .
My husband and I enjoy Sangria .
El Nidos one of the best restaurants in New York which I 've ever been to , has a great variety of tasty , mouth watering pizza 's .
Servers are all different , Greg is my favorite .
My girlfriend , being slightly more aggressive , and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal , called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster , and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant .
jazz singer had a nice voice + she made us all get up to dance to shake some cals to eat some more .
I LOVE their Thai
Everyone who works there ( the host , the bartender , the servers ) is so helpful .
The Italian food has flavor ( that can be sort of surprising on the UES ) , and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive , they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90 's , no matter how bad it look , you knew that there was a rally just around the corner ...
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
SEA has become so popular that they 've let it go to their heads .
I liked the beer selection !
We concluded with tiramisu chocolate cake , both were delicious .
Also , waiters try to push more food on you , like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $ .
The owner truly caters to all your needs .
This place is the most Japanese it can ever get .
I found it on a cold night , the perfect spot to warm up .
While the smoothies are a little big for me , the fresh juices are the best I have ever had !
It is terrific , as is the value .
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip , which was generous , I feel .
A few tips : skip the turnip cake , roast pork buns and egg custards .
Just straight up cheap , good food .
My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com ,
Service and food is what any one would expect when spending that type of money .
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments .
Went to Cafe Spice with 4 of my friends on a saturday night .
Faan is sooo good .
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune ?
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you 'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS .
I would definitely recommend Mary 's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts .
I have been twice to this restaurant .
My husbands was perfect , my was well done and dry .
Toons has recently been redone , so it 's now a very attractive space .
The food is good , especially their more basic dishes , and the drinks are delicious .
And the food is fantastic .
Overall I would recommend it and go back again .
Please be aware that it 's CASH or AMEX only !
I went to Ruby Foos for my birthday and enjoyed our experience there .
stick with the chicken , beef , and lamb dishes .
My fiance took me to Scopa last week for my birthday and I could n't believe the food .
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
So close , but not good enough .
They forgot a sandwich , did n't include plastic forks , and did n't include pita with the hummus platter .
Do n't miss Bloom 's on your next trip to Manhatten .
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back , all the while being trendy .
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall , which are great for a date .
My friend 's food was also the complete opposite of what it 's supposed to taste like ( aND look like ) .
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy .
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
It was wonderful .
I REALLY ENJOYED THE SHOWS PUT ON BY THE ACTORS .
A must for all the Dosa lovers .
It has been my first choice ever since I discovered it .
I have been going back again and again .
Solid wine list , knowledgeable staff , friendly owners and an adventurous , ever-changing menu keep us coming back .
Casa La Femme is to middle eastern dining what Chuckie Cheeze is to italian .
It was wonderful .
Not cheap but very yummy .
The food is fresh , delicious , and reasonably priced .
This is the first time Citysearch did ' t call it right .
Do n't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes , they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections .
Will never be back .
It was wonderful .
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys ( masaman , green , red ) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it .
Meat-phobes are in luck with the extraordinary veggie burger , made from a distinctive blend of chickpeas , carrots and other vegetables and spices .
This should have been done in a back room - away from customers .
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me .
It is so romantic .
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family .
I 'll keep this short .
Example is the soup which was about 6 oz for $ 12 dollars and the mushrooms where $ 12 for about 1oz .
still stay away , the table next to us walked out after my table and aanother were serves eventhough they were there much longer ...
15 % gratuity automatically added to the bill .
Straight-forward , no surprises , very decent Japanese food .
It was huge , delicious , fresh , and will be the reason we return .
So close , but not good enough .
I was at Rao 's last Wed .
Great romantic place for a date ( try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close ! ) .
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale .
Molto bene !
The space kind of feels like an Alice in Wonderland setting , without it trying to be that .
I was especially impressed during the bday party when the waitstaff went above and beyond in helping me decorate and bring out a bday cake as well as offering prompt and friendly service to a 15 person party .
Bay Terrace mall is nothing ( ok , almost nothing ) without it !
Owner is pleasant and entertaining .
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money .
The quality of food at this restaurant accompanied by fantastic live jazz makes this place a perfect 10 !
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect .
It is terrific , as is the value .
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh .
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC , it 's wonderful , and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights .
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food .
If you are looking for a good quality , cheap eats - this is the place .
I highly recommend the fish tacos , everything else was ok .
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money .
Check it out , it wo n't hurt your stomach or your wallet .
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan .
My vegetable risotto was burnt , and infused totally in a burnt flavor .
I 've been there a few times , and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people .
The staff was accomodating , the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely .
Considering you will spend at least $ 60 a head , I expect better service .
The cuisine from what I 've gathered is authentic Taiwanese , though its very different from what I 've been accustomed to in Taipei .
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet , we were told no ...
The appetizers are ok , but the service is slow .
Bottom line : B + for the food , F for the service .
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years , Emilio ( the Godfather ) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices .
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi .
Others have to go to other restaurants and feel sad until they 're eaten .
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing .
When I called this morning , I did n't think I would be able to get in at 12 , but I was able to get in , along with four other guests .
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York .
Light , refreshing summer rolls ( not fried ) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris .
You ca n't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown .
I live a block away and go to Patsy 's frequently .
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp .
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack .
The Pad Thai is excellent here , as well .
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
Service is friendly , prices are good - delivery time was a little slow , but for the way this pizza tastes , I 'm willing to overlook it .
Best meal in a long time !
I 've always been seated propmtly .
If you 're craving for Haru 's great food , especially the House Roll , but ca n't stand the wait building outisde , head across the street to their Sake Bar !
This is my favorite Italian restaurant in all of New York City .
Besides having the table we had been promised given to other restaurant patrons twice before we were actually seated , we were served dishes we had n't ordered three times , received one of our orders 20 minutes after the rest of the table had been served ( and that order was undercooked ) , and charged $ 45 more than we should have been on our bill .
Great neighborhood joint .
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top .
The environment is romantic , but the food is horrible , the service is pathetic , and gabriella lies about everything she could .
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey .
The place was n't too hard to find , but it was kind of packed , as soon as my boyfriend and I got our food , the line reached the door .
THe perfect spot .
When you add it all together , it just does n't seem worth it to me ... especially considering the prices .
My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou .
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check .
But , they were too big for the bun .
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town .
Sauce was watery and the food did n't have much flavor .
Bagels are ok , but be sure not to make any special requests !
great food
It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too .
Get the tuna of gari .
He ca n't help , they 're bought up so fast .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
Run do n't walk .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful .
Searching to get out from the cold , freezing weather , we went into what we thought was a deli .
Whether it 's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar , you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite .
Frankly , when you compare what you can have here for lunch , versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city , there is no comparison .
It 's about $ 7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in .
The prices are about $ 9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch .
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings .
Acceptable prices .
The service is excellent , the decor is great , and the food is delicious and comes in large portions .
Casablanca servces delicious falafel , tabouleh , humus and other Mediterranean delights , which are all very inexpensive .
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare , the dishes are never a disappointment .
It 's a much more grown up restaurant compared to the rest of the street .
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
The bruschetta and panini 's are so yummy !
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating .
I just do n't understand all the hype ...
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there .
Try the Pad Thai , it 's fabulous and their prices are so cheap !
I would highly recommend Nina 's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures .
Faan 's got a great concept but a little rough on the delivery .
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up , but save room for dessert !
I plan on eating here more often .
For the people who want great food plus great service , Roxy is a place to AVOID !
( food was delivered by a busboy , not waiter ) We got no cheese offered for the pasta , our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal , when we would have easily spent another $ 20 on wine .
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent .
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit .
Give it a try and enjoy .
Just an odd group .
Also , the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected , but a truly above and beyond thing to do ...
Food was OK .
I 've dined at Alain Ducasse 's restaurant in Monte Carlo for half the price for the same excellent dining experience .
The wine list was superb , our tapas delightful , and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation .
If we were to move from the upper east side , we would genuinely miss this restaurant .
I had the black cod with yuzu sauce , which was wonderful .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
The service was a bit slow , but they were very friendly .
No apologies during restaurant week .
They 're terrific !!
The food was good overall .
menu - uneventful , small .
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates .
We had half/half pizza , mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza !
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests .
Although , one night we went it was super cheesy , and another night it was less cheesy .
Then , get ripped on free box wine .
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city .
The music is the best among all the Indian restaurants I have visited .
Good atmosphere , combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays .
The servers at Flatbush Farm appear to have perfected that ghastly technique of making you feel guilty and ashamed for deigning to attract their attention .
Not because I was pregnant , but the food here is always delicious .
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one !
Would NEVER go back there .
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants , this offers by far one of the best values for your money .
i do n't usually order wine with indian so i ca n't comment on their wine list or their wines .
In about 12 minutes , the thing is gone .
The service was terrible , we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served .
Definitely will be back !
At $ 120 for two people , however , this in no way represents value , unless you 're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture .
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City .
Yeah , it 's that good .
It 's somewhere you can eat and be happy .
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night .
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me .
Great sushi experience .
It 's just everything ... the food , the atmosphere ... the incrediby kind and gracious hostess .
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit .
All pretty good .
I recommend the meatballs and caprese salad and the beans on toast were a wonderful start to the meal !
When my husband and go there , we spend $ 60.00 ( have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more ) I ca n't say any more , it a place you 'll never forget If you never go , you 'll miss A Meal of your life time
The food was average to above-average ; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive , and the desserts not brilliant in any way .
In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud .
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices .
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked .
How do you rate home ?
There is a downside if you 're ordering in -- the delivery guys have MAJOR attitude .
My personal favorite is Nick and Joe 's .
Interesting selection , good wines , service fine , fun decor .
I 've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences .
My co-workers had to wait almost an hour for delivery , only to discover that what they got was not what they ordered .
The space is traditional in feel .
My mom originally introduced me to this place , but even she ( being Indian ) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily .
There is not a single place in Chinatown where you have a nice neighborhood feeling like here .
I will have to say , this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite .
Then , to top things off , she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend 's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes .
I have tried to make reservations , but both times , the hostess did n't have my name .
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
Its good to go there for drinks if you do n't want to get drunk because you 'll be lucky if you can get one drink an hour the service is so bad .
Not a very fancy place but very good Chinese style Indian food .
Service was slow , but the people were friendly .
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree .
Went to Village last night for my birthday .
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water .
I have n't been to the other locations .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
People are always friendly .
There are much better places in NY with better prices .
The waitress was not attentive at all .
Was there Friday night .
Definitely Highly NOT recommended .
I had a great experience .
Great service , great food .
This was the worst dining experience I 've ever had .
but the service was a bit slow .
I found the food , service and value exceptional everytime I have been there .
I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
at taj , vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven .
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
If this restaurant was in Manhattan , I would definitely go more often .
For many people , this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic .
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze ( they told me that if I call in the order , they 'd bring it out to the car so I would n't have to look for parking ) .
We ate out in the back patio , which is worth it as it 's cool and the music is hear well there .
The only thing the waiters do n't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave .
I found the food to be just as good as its owner , Da Silvano , just much less expensive .
My goodness , everything from the fish to the rice to the seaweed was absolutely amazing .
Super friendly and knowledgable staff , fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz ( the chilaquiles were awesome !
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
Finally a curry that I can eat , enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later .
Big thumbs up !
I thought this place was totally overrated .
Went with mommy ( the only person who could afford taking me here ) .
You should pass on the calamari .
Just remember , the later you go , the longer you may have to wait .
The food was good too .
The seafood is amazing , there 's a good wine list , and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises .
The atmosphere was great .
Love Al Di La
believe us , we 've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs .
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
The food was extremely tasty , creatively presented and the wine excellent .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
( Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city ) .
Waitstaff are very friendly .
No , really .
I ca n't imagine how much worse it would have been if we 'd gone at a prime time !
I am bringing my whole family back next time .
We were seated outside and the waiter spilled red wine and hot tea on myself and my date .
The pasta was well cooked , did n't have enough sauce though or flavor .
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive , nothing flashy .
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here !
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho .
I though it was expensive and I prefer Bella Via just blocks away by far .
My GF and I still choose to eat there a lot because of diverse cocktails , the chill decor , and the decent sushi .
Food portion was SMALL and below average .
im not necessarily fanatical about this place , but it was a fun time for low pirces .
I love it .
What a great place .
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
However , our $ 14 drinks were were horrible !
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras , but that 's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal .
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
And $ 11 for a plate of bland guacamole ?
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent .
I have been in NYC for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the Hudson .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it .
We have been to this place many times , and always have great food , wine , and service .
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day ?
Best Indian food I have ever eaten .
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who do n't know what they are doing .
My husband had the mesclun , salmon , and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses .
The bread is top notch as well .
We will definitely go back .
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15 .
The staff was very attentive , the ambience lovely , and the food superb .
Highly recommended .
We were 10 people celebrtating a birthday , we sat in the tent .
Food was very good as well , considering that we tried the budget selection ( though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer , so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience ) .
Well , this place is so Ghetto its not even funny .
We 've never had any problems with the staff but maybe we 've been lucky ?
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience .
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO !
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese ( gets a little messy ) .
The fries are yummy .
the food is decent .
This is as good as neighborhood restaurants come .
We waited at the bar and had martinis that were just right .
This place has been around for a few years .
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise ( which is n't actually that bad ) , I mean please , who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic ?
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it , but they were not !
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan , and the dals .
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town !
Fresh veggies , all sorts of middle eastern spreads , cheese and falafel , soup , fish , rice , root vegetables , a rice medley , some spinach thing , lamb kebabs , cheese baclava ... soooo much fooood , and all of it delicious .
Food is average , and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi 's tastes better .
Service was decent , but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation .
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets , with that certain Parisian flair .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
Just want to warn you all - do n't waste your time and money .
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer , then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course ...
good variety but nothing surprising .
great experience overall .
The food is so cheap and the waiters are nice .
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests .
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter .
They refuse to seat parties of 3 or more on weekends .
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere , delightfully free of the BTs .
It 's a great find in Astoria .
The atmosphere is nothing special , but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo .
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher ! 2 for 1 's .
Good food .
Fish was overdone .
in conclusion , THIS PLACE SUCKS !!!
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
I never used to be a fan of sakes but am lately experimenting with it a lot more and am acquiring a better taste of it .
The wait staff is pleasant , fun , and for the most part gorgeous ( in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way , not in that she 's - way-cuter-than-me-that-b @ # $ * way ) .
I took one bite from the $ 24 salmon , and I have never , in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy , as dry , and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms .
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn .
So , a little inconsistency there but either way , both pizzas were really good .
A beautiful atmosphere , perfect for drinks and/or appetizers .
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao 's would be if it had n't turned exclusive .
The brioche and lollies as party favors is a cute and sweet touch to a most memorable meal .
The food was just OK , I would never go back .
We love the food , drinks , and atmosphere !
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great .
Finally !
Do n't go there !
I 've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste .
Delicious food , excellent service , and a pretty atmosphere make this a great choice for dinner and the $ 5.99 lunch buffet makes it an even better choice for lunch !
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name .
It 's really also the service , is good and the waiters are friendly .
Not because you are " The Four Seasons " ... – you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner .
Told us to sit anywhere , and when we sat he said the table was reserved .
There were no communications issues either , as she spoke perfect English .
Beautiful experience .
The decor is very simple but comfortable .
This is a true gem of the village .
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
I was with a party of 7 ( close but not next the the front doors ) and we were eating with our coats on .
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but , the food was slightly disappointing .
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
And amazingly cheap .
Personally I like the margherita pizza better , but they are all good .
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it .
Butter was melted , white wine warm , cheese oozing everywhere .
I 've been several times and am totally smitten .
Faan is sooo good .
i love margherita pizza – i looove east village pizza
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list .
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine .
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all .
went there last night with my coworker .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
I think this a a wonderful place .
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together .
I 'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly , courteous and efficient .
Be aware .
When you 're sitting in their main dining room ( which has a spectacular , hand-painted high ceiling ) you 'd never know there was a world outside .
We all felt it was worth it .
Furthermore , the rice had no seasoning , so the sushi was bland and disgusting .
I was glad I did .
The food is just OKAY , and it 's almost not worth going unless you 're getting the pialla , which is the only dish that 's really good .
After dinner , take your date to the HUGE dance floor , probably one of the biggest you 'll see in NY .
They 're rude at times , and not very friendly .
cirspy crust margherita pizza
Excellent dumplings served amid clean , chic decor .
The best dessert , a chocolate and peanut butter tart , is n't particularly Hawaiian , but it 's a small world when it comes to sweets .
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken .
The owner is very friendly and a great guy , go try his pizza , you 'll like it !
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE .
I wish they had one near my office - I would go everyday .
That place was awesome , , , sally !
You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros .
And cheap !
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York .
What a great place !
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
The food is wonderful , tasty and filling , and the service is professional and friendly .
A one women show !
But they do .
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde .
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy , service was great and the food was excellent !
i 'm surprised about some of the bad reviews posted here - i 've been to tamarind about 5 or 6 times and always come away extremely satisfied and looking forward to returning .
Subtle food and service
Creamy appetizers -- taramasalata , eggplant salad , and Greek yogurt ( with cuccumber , dill , and garlic ) taste excellent when on warm pitas .
The first time the sushi was outstanding , the second time it was a little bland .
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others .
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
And I 've been to many NYC delis .
Nice place though .
I 've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed .
The food did take a few extra minutes to come , but the cute waiters ' jokes and friendliness made up for it .
Service was on par but not wonderful .
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed .
I 'll being with a couple of positives : cool decor , good pita and hummus , and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty .
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
But the pizza is way to expensive .
The red sliding doors may be unique but they do not block off the cold air from the outside .
The food , served in small tasting portions ( as an option ) is very good with each dish being better than the next .
I 've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I 've never been disappointed .
The prices are wonderfully low .
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays !
Recommendations , of course , are required !
Tasty Dog !
From the moment you walk in , you feel like you 're in the perfect place .
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant .
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing .
The food was absolutely amazing !!
Perhaps the last reviewer ( who stated she was treated with attitude ) lives in a parallel universe because I have never had anything but a perfect experience at Yasuda .
For all you lazy folks that do n't want to come to Alphabet City , I say , good - stay out .
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC .
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it .
I 'll be back for sure .
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection .
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting .
I would highly recommand requesting a table by the window .
The staff makes you feel at home , the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL !
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections .
When he finally did , he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- could n't find tonic .
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu .
Did I mention that the coffee is OUTSTANDING ?
We replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay .
We went there , no one greeted us .
we love th pink pony .
Appetizers are somewhere around $ 7 each and the main dishes are between $ 11 and $ 16 .
BUT not in a good way .
I have eaten at some of the ' best ' sushi joints in NYC ( Nobu , Bond Street , JewelBako , etc ) and Yamato is my favorite .
It is set far from the small street it 's on , and there is no traffic noise .
i would recommend Jewel Bako if you want to feel like you were kicked in the groin and had to pay for it too .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
The staff has always been attentive and kind , and I 've always been amazed at how they 've handled all the various different group sizes that come in .
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were .
I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn .
You order from a menu , so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience .
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala .
The ambiance was fine , a little loud but still nice and romantic .
The food is very good , but not outstanding .
I do n't live in NY but my best friend does .
And affordable .
I wish I COULD be refunded !
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered .
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category .
But $ 1 for each small piece ???
The food was amazing , and the service was prompt and helpful , but not over-bearing or rushed .
When we arrived at 6:00 PM , the restaurant was practically empty .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods .
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian .
it is not consistent .
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time .
The service was attentive , yet discreet .
This was on a Tuesday night .
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites , but everything was delicious .
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu .
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here .
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends ( classmates ) too .
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth .
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND .
Price is high but the food is good , so I would come back again .
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it .
The prices can not be beat for the quality , quantity , freshness and taste .
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner .
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem .
You guys are awesome !
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer .
I 've been eating at Taj Mahal for over twenty years and have found them to be the most excellent of the Indian eateries on this block of Indian restaurants .
The food here was great , a treat from beginning to end .
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary .
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price .
Compared to Ess-a , Tal offers a less doughy bagel !
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach .
Even better , they know how to cook French classics like Steak au Poivre and Onglet without burning it to death or overcooking it .
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house !
The food was really good , I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever .
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses .
La Rosa waltzes in , and I think they are doing it the best .
But the coconut rice was good .
Just wish they 'd expand .
I come from a family of pizzeria owners , and I 'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino 's blows my families receipies away .
ALWAYS full with tourists ( especially because of it 's close proximity to Rockefeller Center ) .
I noted it was crossed off on the bill .
Much more reasonably priced too !
I did n't take a look at the rest menu , but the oysters were fantastic .
It 's just average , just shredded , no seasoning on it .
I live on the street this place is on .
bad staff
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years , now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza .... Hanx
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes .
Drinks got screwed up , she acted put upon .
SUM IT : do n't read the ' 10 's ' reviews , try it to judge for yourself so you wo n't have as hi expectations , then you 'll be sure to enjoy it .
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde !
A glass of Leaping Lizard , a glass of prosecco , and the mussels had everything happy .
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation .
Best Taiwanese food in NY !
I 've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious .
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives .
Saturday , Nov. 6th I had a group from work come in with about 35 people and the staff was amazing to accomodate us .
A restaurant that does n't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
I asked for a simple medium rare steak .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt .
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend .
My husband and I both ordered the Steak , medium .
Well , their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold .
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance .
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees .
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu .
It 's the conversations that make this a fun place to be .
If you 've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer .
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top ??
It can be a very fun experience with a group , and kids ( 6 and over ) would love it .
You would think they would make up for it with service , sadly , no .
The Thali was small , thoroughly unremarkable , and $ 14.95 .
Priced at upper intermediate range .
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service , which was boarderline rude .
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly , curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it .
The food was very well prepared .
Ca n't wait to go back .
I had the tuna tartare with sake , mushroom ravioli with pinot noir , and the chocolate sampler with a dessert wine for $ 49 .
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance , and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City , the food was not what I had hoped for .
The stuff tilapia was horrid ... tasted like cardboard .
They even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
Just ignore the trendy wannabes .
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing .
The fried dumplings are GREAT !
The pizza was pretty good and huge .
We were n't even at our table for more than an hour total .
If you 're looking for a place to sit down , have a drink and conversations with friends , go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls ( hot ) .
Good , fast service .
BTW , the service is very good .
If you are a vegetarian , this really is n't a good place to go .
We were very impressed with the food and value .
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
Ok , so the servers wander around a little clueless , but there 's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it 's fine , you just have to make a small effort to get their attention .
new hamburger with special sauce is ok - at least better than big mac !
Great food , amazing service , this place is a class act .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on , he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record .
You ca n't go wrong here .
Great pizza for lunch place .
The place was nice and calm .
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well .
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
Maybe tomorrow ; - )
wont come back again for sure !
However , I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once .
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one .
A little crowded but they move that line really fast !
The menu has lots of options : I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes .
I went here in the afternoon with a friend .
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll , and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken .
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish .
Its located in greenewich village .
Also , do n't plan on asking for your favorite roll , if it 's not on the menu , you ca n't have it .
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious .
But for the Shabu Shabu , you wo n't find much better in NY .
It 's convenient .
fresh restaurant was amazing ....... . food was delicious and of course fresh .
The only positive was the wait staff , which was prompt , knowledgable , and likeable .
Similar to other Indian restaurants , they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door .
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it .
We began with the cheese fondue ( the artisanal blend ) and added apples and kielbasa to dip .
If the weather is nice , try to snag an outside table .
We were seated promptly as we had reservations , however after that the service was slow .
Indo Chinese food , pretty good ...
This place is to be avoided .
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants , he replied this is not Mcdonald 's , every place makes things differently
( The sashimi is cut a little thinly .
The blond wood decor is very soothing , the premium sake is excellent and the service is great .
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like .
Its not the same if you have to sit inside .
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS !
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink .
This place is cool enough to be in the East Village , but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris .
its just a fun place to go , not a five star restaraunt .
i 've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they 're that good .
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN , THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DO N'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE .
I do n’t usually visit the same establishment more than once , what more twice , but I ’ll come to Zenkichi anytime for a quiet , unhurried and memorable dinner .
Polite acknowledgement is out ;
I 've never ordered anything else from their menu ... there 's no need to .
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma 's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge ( although they have more funky toppings ! )
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis , definitely not edible by a human .
It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone 's living room .
It 's usually packed for good reason , esp .
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods .
Service was just ok , it is not what you 'd expect for $ 500 .
Food was very good , but not what I would consider out of this world .
Sure enough , exactly 30 minutes later we got the call and were seated promptly .
Moderate prices .
Great food , good size menu , great service and an unpretensious setting .
The ingredients taste fresher , the crust is thinner and crispier , the slice is less oily , and it 's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe 's .
Terrible would be a compliment !
The flavors are great , and the menu is extensive .
Would definitely visit again .
I was very disappointed with this restaurant .
The lobster sandwich is $ 24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price .
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone .
They have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant .
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED .
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial .
Love Pizza 33 . .
A small , outdoor eating area makes for a private , comfortable space to study alone or meet up with friends .
I would go back .
What more could you want ?
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal , relax , be able to talk and have a very good time .
All in all , this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city .
What generous portions !
From the appetizers we ate , the dim sum and other variety of foods , it was impossible to criticize the food .
Their Margarita is best I 've had since I 've returned from Naples !
And all the [ female ] servers are cute too , which is always nice .
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant .
A little pricey but it really hits the spot on a Sunday morning !
Odd for Ave B , not just odd , The place attracts an eclectic crowd to say the least .
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll .
Entrees : Vanison steak and Bison Steak .
The only drawback is that it 's a little pricey .
Dishes denoted as " Roy 's Classics " ( marked on the menu with asterisks ) are tried-and-true recipes , such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi , or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs .
To be honest we only ever eat the Shabu Shabu .
brick oven gallery is My pick for best pizza restaurant anywhere .
The staff is no nonsense .
It was pretty inexpensive too .
They all know you .
Have frequented ' ino for several years and the food remains excellent .
My party had the BBE $ 29 fixe prix menu , which was such a wonderful deal since it also came with a flight of sake !
I ca n't wait to go back .
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura .
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that .
Just because it 's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty , IT IS GREAT !
I have been twice to this restaurant .
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant .
After reading the good reviews of this restaurant , I decided to give it a try with two friends .
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price .
But they 've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza ( a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual ) .
We refused to pay for it because at this point it had nothing to do with the food anymore .
All the desserts the group tried got favorable reviews .
We went to Ino for Valentines .
No , really .
Read all the other review , they 'll confirm it .
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening .
So eat fast and order a lot .
I plan on stopping by next week as well .
When we sat , we got great and fast service .
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal .
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it .
Katz 's has been a NYC original for over 100 years .
The decor is really blah , and not at all hip or happening .
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it .
Bobb V 's is a great place to take your Friends and Family !
Generously garnished , organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish , but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads -- layered with beets , goat cheese and walnuts -- are equally scrumptious .
Our food was great too !
Skip this restaurant , it 's a big disappointment .
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly .
BUt their best dish is thh Thai spiced curry noodles with shrimp - a dish that would cost $ 23.95 is most places , but it is $ 16 here .
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited .
Little Tonino 's is just awesome , our favorite delivery place in Kennsington , honestly the best Gnochi I have ever had !
They came out over cooked and the cheese was almost non existant .
Our experience did not ever get any better .
It was delish and I did n't feel bad eating it .
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well .
They have some great entrees here as well .
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date .
It 's traditional , simple italian food .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
Don Pedro 's is one of my favorite restaurants .
The sides were ok and incredibly salty .
Rude service , medicore food ... there are tons of restaurants in NY ... stay away from this one
Average to good Thai food , but terrible delivery .
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry .
It could have been handled better .
Bring your appetites .
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food ( all fast foods in my opinion ) .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Definitely a neighborhood favorite .
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed .
Went last Thursday .
The view is spectacular , and the food is great .
That 's good and bad .
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty .
Pizza was a little soggy .
This place is incredibly tiny .
Bon appettite !!
Just stick with the small dishes !
Also they were $ 15 each !
for Meetball Night .
Great neighborhood joint .
The food options rule .
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious .
I really recommend the very simple Unda ( Egg ) rolls .
They kindly brought us more to see if it was better , but it was not !
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build .
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good , however .
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment .
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time .
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $ 2.50 .
Go here .
$ 20 for all you can eat sushi can not be beaten .
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience .
Not a large place , but it 's cute and cozy .
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York .
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained , this is a great place to go and eat .
A different server enhanced the fun , dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer ( which was delicious ) .
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience .
We had a good time .
I like the somosas , chai , and the chole , but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing .
The Dancing , White River and Millenium rolls are musts .
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full .
First went here to enjoy their garden terrace .
The food was actually aweful .
While the menu is n't especially groundbreaking , everything I 've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty .
My friends and I showed up on a Sat .
Would NEVER go back
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef ( usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt ) .
After passing by this restaurant for sometime I finally decided to go in and have dinner .
The service was attentive , yet unimposing , the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced .
Ambiance - relaxed and stylish .
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end , not one person takes responsibility for anything .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
Hey , I think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that 's more lemony than smoky .
I can understand the prices if it served better food , like some Chinese restaurants in midtown/uptown area .
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners .
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$ $ this is the place to be !!
Leon is an East Village gem : casual but hip , with well prepared basic French bistro fare , good specials , a warm and lively atmosphere .
The place 's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh .
Good spreads , great beverage selections and bagels really tasty .
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner .
i know , you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored , but my agenda is i 'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends , seeking a pleasant experience .
No food snobs allowed , this place is for people who appreciate good food .
i dont how this place is still running .
The food is great and the prices are reasonable .
Horrible experience - stay away !
A large is $ 20 , and toppings are about $ 3 each .
I love this place !
Our visit their to say the least , was an unpleasant and costly experience !
Most importantly , food is excellent .
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal .
The food here does a great service to the name ( Cantonese that is ... ) .
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks .
I recommend their Pad See Ew , Pork Chops or Tofu plates .
This is the first place I 've been that a runner remembers my order ... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant .
Maitre-D - " Eat and get out "
Everyone raved about the atmosphere ( elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views ) and the fabulous food !
For the price , you can not eat this well in Manhattan .
From the street it looks very hidden , and is actually an old warehouse .
Try green curry with vegetables .
When we left at 8:00 PM , it was packed and noisy .
The atmosphere was nice but it was a little too dark .
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family .
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way .
Authentic Pakistani food .
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt .
My fav was the sassy lassi ...
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime !
The wait here is long for dim sum , but if you do n't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig , this is a sleek ( for Chinatown ) alternative .
The prices are wonderfully low .
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently .
Rao is a good restaurant , but it 's nothing special .
Get the soup and a nosh ( pastrami sandwich ) for $ 8 and you 're golden .
get over it !
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses .
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended ... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly !
We will come back !!!
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy .
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf 's liver are my favorites !
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant .
Even the pasta is delicious here ( a rarity in New York pizza restaurants ) .
Hurley 's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came .
Try green curry with vegetables .
This restaurant is not worth the time , effort , or money to say the least .
Boy was I wrong !
Great food at REASONABLE prices , makes for an evening that ca n't be beat !
We ordered lamb which was perfectly cooked and tasted awesome .
Starters : Kobe Beef Sashimi .
They even scoop it out nice ( for those on a diet ) not too much not to little .
Service is fast and friendly .
A little noise but I think that was because of our party !
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine .
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience .
It was wonderful .
Is just the way it was in days gone by .
I like the ambience , it 's very dark and original .
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned .
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great .
I am going to the mid town location next .
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
Every course was better than the next .
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree , then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back ( which she did politely , by the way ) .
It may be a bit packed on weekends , but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area .
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe 's to eat here .
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn .
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing .
Note that they do not serve beer , you must bring your own .
I fell in love with the egg noodles in the beef broth with shrimp dumplings and slices of BBQ roast pork .
I sometimes see the waiters do n't have enough knowledge of their dishes .
The people with carts of food do n't understand you because they do n't speak English , their job is to give you the delicious food you point at .
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people , but I did n't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion ( maybe 3 of each ) .
Thanks Bloom 's for a lovely trip .
My husband and I had a blast .
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience !
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great !
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee ( rice porridge ) .
Once you try it for a special occasion beware . . you ca n't stop !
I look forward to eating here again
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city .
The staff is unbelievably friendly , and I dream about their Saag gosht ... so good .
I 've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times , it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square .
Entrees include classics like lasagna , fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana .
The design is very intimate and romantic .
Volare virgins or weekly regulars , everyone gets treated the same and you ca n't ask for more than that when the service is this friendly .
I can say that the wraps , burgers and salads were all fresh , tasty and the mango margareta at $ 9 was WELL WORTH the money .
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they 'd treat us well for the occasion .
I think the stuff was better than Disney .
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded :) :) : )
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food .
Three strikes and this restaurant is out .
Most importantly , it is reasonably priced .
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection , and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites .
Impressed ...
This is undoubtedly my favorite modern Japanese brasserie ( that do n’t serve sushi ) , and in my opinion , one of the most romantic restaurants in the city !
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night .
sometimes i get good food and ok service .
( and I have eaten my share ) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve .
wow ! how have i missed this one , tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew .
Indoor was very cozy and cute .
Rather than preparing vegetarian dish , the chef presented me with a plate of steamed vegetables ( minus sauce , seasoning , or any form or aesthetic presentation ) .
short and sweet – seating is great : it 's romantic , cozy and private .
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine !
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars !
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted .
The bagels are fabulous .
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo .
My daughter 's wedding reception at Water 's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests .
The food was good .
Helpful service and average price per dish $ 10 .
This is the MOST wonderful restaurant in all of New York City , not just Brooklyn ...
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too .
Place is open till late , no dress code .
Having moved I truly miss this place .
I 've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy 's Bronx Cafe .
I think I 've had some the best meals of my life at minnow .
despite the untasteful previous review ...
Other apetizers and food
but overall i give it a 10
The food is reliable and the price is moderate .
My friend had a burger and I had these wonderful blueberry pancakes .
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but : Cassuolet , Steake Fritte , Tripe Stew , etc ; simple stuff .
The food is good , I ca n't lie .
There is nothing more pleasant than that .
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share .
Our tiny table for two ( dinner plates hung over edge ) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic .
Another welcome addition to the neighborhood .
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris .
The pastas are incredible , the risottos ( particularly the sepia ) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing .
it 's delicious !
This bar has it all - great drinks , cool atmosphere , excellent service and delicious food .
Go spend your money somewhere that really wows you .
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats .
Even though its good seafood , the prices are too high .
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side .
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table , but standing up was n't too bad .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable , makes students go back to Suan again and again .
You must try the shrimp appetizers .
Bravissimo !!
The food was below average , the service was pathetic , there was no ambience at all .
it 's delicious !
Murray wo n't do it .
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation .
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one .
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly .
So all I 'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I 've ever been to .
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned .
Great for groups , great for a date , great for early brunch or a nightcap .
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate .
At the end you 're left with a mild broth with noodles that you can slurp out of a cup .
Late nite omelletes are not good here , there is no variety !
This is the Jackel and Hideof the restaurants on the UES .
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side , but fresh .
Pizza was a little soggy .
I 'm told that it is open 24hrs which is good .
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent , but the gyro is the reason to come -- if you do n't eat one your trip was wasted .
I recommend it !
Jimmy is Dominican !
I 'd call it an ' italian dinner ' .
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats .
I would like to return and try some of the other menu items when I do n't have to rush off to a show .
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you .
The service was great , and they have a whole great deal for birthdays .
I definitely would n't go back .
We picked it randomly , without a recommendation from someone who has been there , so we were n't sure what to expect .
The ambience was nice , but service was n't so great .
Dieters stick to salads or indulge in vegetarian platters .
Great restaurant , and even greater food !
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising .
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations .
We were less than impressed .
The fried rice is amazing here .
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average .
It 's also attached to Angel 's Share , which is a cool , more romantic bar ...
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy .
Went inside and I started to get excited .
I had their eggs benedict for brunch , which were the worst in my entire life , I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was .
Tasty but expensive .
The Four Seasons has history and it is a sort of landmark of New York City restaurants , but trust me , they will charge you through the nose just so that you can say " I 've been to the four seasons restaurant " .
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you , but the food does n't quite match up .
The food was outstanding and the service was tops .
Ballato 's is consistently delicious authentic italian food .
After the review I treked into Brooklyn .
We were worried we would have trouble getting in , but somehow managed to have a short wait .
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced .
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else .
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table ( even though we had reservations ) .
Consequently , their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did ' nt feel like finishing them .
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really ca n't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC .
And really large portions .
Very good wine choices .
The spicy tuna and salmon are the best we 've ever had .
In mi burrito , here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste .
It was divine melts in your mouth .
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker , here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion ( and price ) .
You should pass on the calamari .
i would recommend reservations on weekends though .
sometimes i get bad food and bad service , sometimes i get good good and bad service .
It 's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic , even .
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York !
so garantuan that you ca n't fit them in a toaster .
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich , Katz 's has a charm about it .
Lunch came with pickels and slaw , no extra charge .
They specialize in smoothies and fresh juices .
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood .
I have tried literally every restaurant on curry row .
Having hunted around for a quiet , romantic , yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot .
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better !
Inside is a little cramped , but to be expected .
Place should also have a 1,2,3 chili rating to be more authentic ...
It 's cuz it 's so good you need to taste it !!!
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food .
Be sure to try the seasonal , and always delicious , specials .
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy , creamy , and slightly buttery .
The food was good too .
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
We started with lox and mussels ( the best ive ever had , ever ) and had the cod and trout for dinner .
It 's true , this place is not cheap .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
Probably would not go again ...
We got most of it back at home with us .
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening .
The service was extremely fast and attentive ( thanks to the service button on your table ) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order .
On the other hand , if you are not fooled easily , you will find hundreds of restaurants that will give you service and ambiance that is on par with Alain Ducasse , and food that will outshine in presentaion , taste , choice , quality and quantity .
Over time , the food quality has decreased substantially , it is a lot less crowded than it used to , and the service must definitely be part of the reason .
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice - RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL .
Granted the space is smaller than most , it is the best service you will find in even the largest of restaurants .
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced .
Regardless , we 'll be back and ca n't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio .
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike , a great name for a joint if ever I saw one .
I love this place more and more everytime i go .
To celebrate a birthday , three of us went to Mare anticipating great food .
I know real Indian food and this was n't it .
As a fan of Thai , I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst .
Well , it happened because of a graceless manager and a rude bartender who had us waiting 20 minutes for drinks , and then tells us to chill out .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst .
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied ( not stuffed ) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch .
The service was excellent and the food was delicious .
Delivery is fast too .
after dining at B.O.G over twenty times now , its official !
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior .
Always great service !
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending .
The spicy mussels are a highlight .
The service is pretty good .
This time , I prefer not to go into detail .
I 'm not even going to bother to describe it ; it speaks for itself .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh , a delicious and sweet tasting bread .
Big and gawky on the outside .
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst .
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere .
The filet mignon dish was superb !
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant .
I have been going to this restaurant for years , in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant .
Chef Vincenzo , always there if you need him , is a real talent and a real Roman .
We wo n't go to this place again for a good meal .
great food , lt 's of it , more then one person can eat !
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food , but turns out to be poorly run and awful .
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food , this is one of the best spots .
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon , Sea Bass and Crispy Duck .
It was nice and fresh , but I ca n't give it high scores on being authentic thai .
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta ( raddichio was kind of bitter though ) .
I will definetely go back again and again , that 's for sure !!!
I care more about the food and ambience .
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious , if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini .
This place is worth an one-hour drive .
Yet paired with such rude service , would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there .
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray 's , Sal has risen again to carry on his father 's uncle 's legacies with a smile , true love for his community , and let 's not forget the Outstanding Pizza !
If you ’re planning to come here , make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since you ’ll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching ( choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky ! ) .
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger , to steak , to escargot .
hmmm .
Maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but I 've experienced the same with other restaurants so I do n't appreciate such practice .
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food .
The food was excellent as well as service , however , I left The Four Seasons very dissappointed .
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better .
Try their plain pizza with fresh garlic or eggplant .
The food is all-around good , with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level .
I was pleasently surprised at the taste .
We had a 3 hour brunch - they definitely do not rush you - and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time .
I 've read some of the previews reviews - people are either not New Yorkers or have more appreciation for ambience then food .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
Drawbacks : service is slow and they do n't toast !
it 's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food .
It is not worth for that bucks .
i would just ask for no oil next time .
THE BIG COMPLAINT : NO TOASTING AVAILABLE .
From the moment you enter till the moment you walk out the friendly and helpful staff was was just Fantastic .
I have been here a few times for dinner , once for brunch and twice for lunch .
At 5 dumplings for $ 1 , you just can not go wrong .
we did notice however , that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan .
We ordered the special , grilled branzino , that was so infused with bone , it was difficult to eat .
I 'd definitely go back again .
We had the most wonderful waitress .
The $ 72 Delmonico steak had to be sent back because it was not cooked to order .
Amazing !
If it is n't for the food ( A + + + ) , it must be the service or the ambience .
The wine list is excellent .
Restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place .
And you never get the feeling that you need to leave .
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles ' heel .
I try my best to give an accurate description of any establishment visited .
their brunch menu had something for everyone .
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip , and the food was delivered quickly , but we live only a few minutes walk from them .
This was a repeat visit and we 'll definitely be back again .
The other times I 've gone it 's romantic date heaven , you can walk in get a booth by the windows , be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place , with great food and service .
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST !
Do n't leave without trying One Night in Tokyo .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening .
His wife Tanya , the hostess , completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious .
However , there is just something so great about being outdoors , in great landscaping , enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile .
The space is a bit too small for live music , so on jazz nights , it can be loud and cramped .
The lunch buffet is expensive but is deff worth it .
On our last visit , they skipped over our name on the list , leaving us waiting an extra hour for a table .
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great .
I would go back tho .
Love their drink menu .
This is some really good , inexpensive sushi .
the food was undercooked-the sauce watery , and the vegetables raw .
Fish is so very fresh .
All of it was simply amazing , unique and tasty and best of all it did n't break the bank .
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong , it actually means Great Prosperity .
The svc can be a bit rude at times , esp if you have big group , but overall the restaurant is a must !
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check .
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv .
Also very inexpensive .
If you are here as a pre-show meal , hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location .
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere !
I 'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food .
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary .
it 's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food .
I choose to go with one of the special , the braised lamb shank in red wine , which was excellent .
Service was quick .
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out .
Always good drinks and service is pretty good ;
Once we finally got a table , despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed !
This place has beautiful sushi , and it 's delicious CHEAP .
Never got an explanation as to what was going on .
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back .
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass ( that 's about 2 1/2 drinks ) for $ 8.50 ( I recommend the Vanilla Shanty , mmmm ! ) in a great homey setting with great music .
I 've had better chicken at BBQs !!!!
It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn .
i would go again if i did n't have to pay .
I 've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times , but more often I order delivery .
We shared a bottle of sake , an order of edamames , and she had the sushi plate while I had the sashimi .
Give it a try and enjoy .
the hot dogs were juicy and tender inside and had plenty of crunch and snap on the outside .
Great roofdeck , nice group of 30 somethings , but no music , kind of quiet .
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city ( Seattle ) , we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant .
We had fun eating in there , we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning !
Best hot dogs in the tri-state area .
Food-awesome .
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing !
would NOT go back .
This restaurant used to be pretty decent .
Something about them being busy with holiday party 's .
Good luck getting a table .
Finally !
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something ( although they dont forget to charge you for it .
The level of rudeness was preposterous .
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal .
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner .
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends !
The hostess was rude and I got a distinct feeling that they did not want to serve us .
They all know you .
but still my date was bad
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try .
I love the place .
The atmosphere is great !!!
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music , and moreover , takes requests .
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard .
We started off with a delightful sashimi amuse bouche .
And as SOON as one person is done , she asked to pick up the plate immediately .
always fresh and delicious .
I never had anything I did n't like here .
The sushi was awful !
Everytime my husband and I go there , we are never disappointed .
Good crowd , good outdoor seating , with a hip japanese vibe .
The place is a BISTRO which means : simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere .
Best Indian Restaurant in the City
The food is great and reasonably priced .
No free drink .
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City !
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty ( could 've used a bit more salt ) .
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding .
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry .
Not only is it an adventure getting to this somewhat hidden spot , once you enter the unmarked wooden doors , the zen and intimate décor will make you feel like you ’re no longer in the city .
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way , the food was insultingly horrible .
Highly recommend it !
Nice atmosphere , the service was very pleasant and the desert was good .
While the prices are nothing special , the portions are huge .
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing .
In addition to great hot dogs , DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature , in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins , a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham .
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there .
Worth the trip from Manhattan .
The ambience is very calm and quiet .
You can not go wrong with this place .
This place is a great bargain .
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza , the house salad , and a good bottle of wine .
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner .
All are GREAT - poori , naan , paratha all FRESH .
The whole experience was satisfying .
A word to the wise : you ca n't dine here and disturb the maitre-D 's sense of " table turnover " , as whacked as it is , or else .
the homemade Guacamole , the unbelievable entree , and thee most amazing deserts .
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown .
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth 's is the Strip House .
Great value for the quality ingredients .
service is friendly , and never had a problem walking in and getting a table .
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews .
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy , but full of flavor .
Another great thing about Glechik-everything is very cheap !
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night .
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches .
The lobster knuckles ( special of the day ) were ok , but pretty tasteless .
I had the best ravioli ever .
I do n't get it either .
Try the crunchy tuna , it is to die for .
And it all comes at a very reasonable price ( congee , noodles , and rice dishes are no more than $ 3-6 each ) .
Last memorial day , I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend ( interesting , but ... ) .
Never once did I leave feeling unwelcome or impressed .
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent .
And you 're hungry a few hours later .
However , their popularity has yet to slow down , and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation .
An excellent choice in midtown .
What we did do was waste 3 hours being trapped in a table waiting and waiting for food and drinks and hooka . . some of which we never received !
Although somewhat loud , the noise was minimally intrusive .
Please take my advice , go and try this place .
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions .
For the price you pay for the food here , you 'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants .
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here .
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi , or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much .
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings !!!
The staff is 100 % Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets .
those rolls were big , but not good and sashimi was n't fresh .
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read .
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll . . .
If you 're in the ' hood , definitely stop in .
I can not imagine better Indian food in all of the city .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
The service was impeccable and unobtrusive -- the staff knows what they are there to do -- to know their menu , present your meal , and attend to your needs .
So , again , give it a try .
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic .
You are paying for the atmosphere , which is nice , but can be had in numerous places in Bay Ridge .
I am not sure if I would call the food here Indian as it is a fusion of what seems to be French with an Indian or exotic touch .
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC .
The main downside to the place is the nazi-like guy running it who constantly complains about the noise level .
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh .
The atmosphere is unheralded , the service impecible , and the food magnificant .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
Hands down the best pizza on the planet .
The service is fantastic .
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm .
The potato balls were not dry at all ... in fact it was buttery .
Speedy delivers , great food , decent prices , and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast .
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I do n't have to deal with crowds or lines .
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce ( even its low sodium ) , the vinegar-soaked rice , and the scallion on top of the fish .
Thank You Emilio .
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there .
Definitely try the taglierini with truffles - it was incredible .
Still , any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house ...
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well .
I grew up on these bagels .
I would highly recommend .
My bf and I go to the walk-up counter and order a pie .
The sushi is reasonably priced and fresh .
Ess-A-Bagel ( either by Sty-town or midtown ) is by far the best bagel in NY .
Quick and friendly service .
Poor service and management
delicious bagels , especially when right out of the oven .
This will be only the third online review I have ever made about a restaurant in my life .
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want , so we paid for what we did enjoy , the drinks and appetizers , and walked out .
less wait time for me !
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch !!!!!
The pizza is good though .
The service was quick and friendly .
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing ... their Pizza .
This place is not worth the prices .
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
Try the hot dogs too , they 're snappy and delicious .
One less manhattanite the better .
However , in the summer of 2003 , it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup .
The best pad thai i 've ever had .
highly recommended .
The music does get a little loud at times , but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife , and as I did , I got a whiff of corriander .
Mistakes happen , but they are usually accompanied by an apology , perhaps even a glass of wine ... but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff .
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies ( although everyone is polite and no one is pushing ) is a slight turn off .
Planet Thai is great !
You do n't go to Mizu for excellent service , you go for the large amounts of food , the amiable atmosphere , and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place .
There is a real gallery of stars that have visited .
The dim sum however was very good .
I tried a couple other dishes but was n't too impressed .
great taste
Got club soda , filled with ice , no lime .
It is LOUD , HOT and DARK .
And I 've been to many NYC delis .
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner , which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers !
Very different than regular dimsum places .
Skip Nathan 's ... you can get that at the mall ... go to Bark .
the food - not worth the price .
Their sake martini is wonderful .
I 've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times , when I have been in the neighborhood .
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar .
As many other reviewers noticed , your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time .
Best Italian food I ever had ( and being Italian , that means alot ) .
They seemed to continue to rush us along , taking plates without asking if we were done ( my sister still had her fork in hand ) .
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe .
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well .
We had Pam 's special fried fish and it was amazing .
To top it all off . . the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant .
In any event , this is a place I 'll be sure to stop by again when I 'm in this part of town .
On the recommendation of a friend , I checked out Arezzo with my wife .
A cheap eat for NYC , but not for dosa .
This was the perfect quiet , relaxing , and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater .
I ordered the crab cocktail and it was soaked in a lime juice concoction where all you could taste was the lime .
Yes , I ate the food , but I certainly would not have if I had seen the maggot before eating , and I was at this point fairly sick to my stomach .
Please try the Filet Mignon , its just the most tender piece ever .
The steak melted in my mouth .
The wine list is n't great , and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno 's down the street , which is not as good as it used to be .
Try everything for that matter , it is all good .
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem !
It 's to die for !
The man that was hosting promised to save a table for our party of 7 , then sat a party of 2 at the very table he was saving ( mean while there were boths open all around ) .
good food good wine that 's it .
We were pleasantly surprised .
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town .
IT WAS HORRIBLE .
( The asparagus , truffle oil , parmesan bruschetta is a winner ! )
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal !
Highly recommended to all !
Small servings for main entree , i had salmon ( wasnt impressed ) girlfriend had chicken , it was good .
Menus feature seasonal picks , like sweet corn-foie gras brulee .
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive , the menu has been overhauled .
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza .
I 'm saving up for my next visit .
Since we were already waiting so long , we felt we had no other choice but to accept it .
they were dry and disgusting , i did n't even finish my first piece .
if you 're daring , try the balsamic vinegar over icecream , it 's wonderful !
The service was a bit slow and the portions are a bit small so if you are hungry and in a rush , this is not the place for you .
Try the chocolate mud cake ( warmed ) with 2 scoops of dulce de leche gelato .
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME !!!
The entire dining experience was wonderful !
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months .
To be completely fair , the only redeeming factor was the food , which was above average , but could n't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora .
We 've only eaten in the restaurant once , but we have ordered many times for dinner .
I came to fresh expecting a great meal , and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we could n't enjoy eating .
The food was so-so .
One would think we 'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead , we got a snobby waiter would n't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so .
One of us actually liked the expresso - that 's it .
Disappointingly , their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu .
( $ 200 for 2 glasses of champagne , not too expensive bottle of wine and 2 after dinner drinks ) .
In fact , you ca n't miss it .
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples .
Everything is always cooked to perfection , the service is excellent , the decor cool and understated .
I recommend any of their salmon dishes ......
The food was not fresh , the sauces were bland and very oily .
We were exploring Grand Central and did n't want to eat in the food court .
We 've been to Grocery three times and not once has an item on the menu disappointed .
Service here was great , food was fantastic .
Excellent lunch buffet for only $ 6.95 .
the bestt !
But I 'd go back
Get the tuna of gari .
however , it 's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
Good food .
Anyway , this is the last time I cross the williamsburg .
My friends spoke so much about it for months , I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in .
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that I could barely eat it , and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish .
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint , but at Bark you do n't just get your average hot dog .
big and soft as well as good lunch food .
Nice ambiance , nice little bar , good bartender , Francois , and good service .
The wine list is interesting and has many good values .
I definitely would n't go back .
But when you are seated the waitresses are great , they explain everything on the menu , and the price of the food is really cheap for the service you get .
Have been several times and it never dissapoints .
Very nice touch that very much fits the place .
Meanwhile , the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil , gratis .
Trust me .
The food is great and the environment is even better .
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week 's notice .
I only have friends .
Great burgers , grilled cheeses and french fries .
Good , fast service .
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny .
I am so coming back here again , as much as I can .
Pick a bagel has the best bagels in the city .
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone .
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share , Kai may not be the best option .
Food-awesome .
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling .
I will definetly be going back .
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent , much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square .
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available .
Great food !
Of course , it is crowded but who cares .
The menu prices are a bit expensive for what you get in quality and portion size .
There was a long wait for a table outside , but it was a little too hot in the sun anyway so our insde table was very nice .
Not to sound too negative but be wary of the delivary .
from an English speaking staff .
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ( $ 19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre , steak frites , creme brulee ) and it was marvelous .
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations .
The service is spotty , sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there .
The waiter was attentive .
Not worth the prices .
it is a hidden delight complete with a quaint bar and good food .
I thought the restaurant was nice and clean .
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed .
It 's a basic pizza joint , not much to look at , but the pizza is what I go for .
Big thumbs up !
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most .
We enjoyed ourselves thoroughly and will be going back for the desserts ....
We generally like good restaurants and eat out often but Kai was way to expensive for what we got .
A pleasant surprise .
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable .
Once you become a regular , you are treated as one .
The food was just OK , at least for what food was available .
We have been to Montparnasse many times and return often for good reason .
Whether one pizza place is better than another is often very subjective .
I got the $ 10 10-piece dim sum combo , every bite of which was great .
I just do not understand what the fuss is all about .
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC !
first it took us a long time to find the place .
We recently decided to try this location , and to our delight , they have outdoor seating , perfect since I had my yorkie with me .
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED !
The price very reasonable .
It is very overpriced and not very tasty .
The place does get crowded , so I recommend going between 4-5 PM .
The only thing more wonderful than the food ( which is exceptional ) is the service .
Also , because it is so thin , it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling .
At this point , the waitress comes over and asks us if everything was okay , I was literally so shocked that I was speechless and did n't say anything , and guess what , the waitress WALKED away .
Good for dates or with friends .
Gross food – Wow -
The comments about fried foods is correct ( below ) but the other dishes , including the lamb entree and many of the salads ( avocado shrimp ) were quite good .
However , they 've got the most amazing pastrami and the soups hit the spot .
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch .
Beef noodle soup is good as well .
I 've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place ( except in a really bad dream ) .
I recommend the garlic shrimp , okra ( bindi ) , and anything with lamb .
Still , try it once , since if you end up loving the food , it could be one of your best dining experiences .
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available .
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal , try the hot and sour soup .
As a student in NYU i need a place to eat after a hard day of work so usually i just go to any indian restraunt near by .
We bring in a party of ten or so every week .
It 's boring on the inside , and our sushi was pretty below average ... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor .
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere .
Besides , when you have bad service , that 's less money you have to tip .
Great Hot Dogs !
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza , as well as their pastas !
Prices are very good .
- for dessert we split chocolate cake and vanilla gelato ( with espresso ) , which were tasty , but I thought a bit overpriced .
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious
Would not return for the amount we paid .
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store .
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant , then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers .
The service is great , my soup always arrives nice and hot .
And even with it 's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too !
Sushi was n't anything spectacular for the price .
However , it 's not worth a special trip .
I was n't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes , but I guess that 's the price you pay for a popular place .
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel .
All I can say is they are fantastic .
Try it side by side and there 's no comparison .
This is a fun restaurant to go to .
BE CAREFUL before you request extra spice .
I love Ess-a-bagel , but I live on the west side , so I often go to Murray 's for convenience .
Offerings like hot cakes and the Egg McMuffin sandwich are available for breakfast .
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee !!
$ 6 and there is much tasty food , all of it fresh and continually refilled .
When we notified him that he did n't mention the specials , he did n't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless .
If you 're looking to taste some great Indian food and want good service , definitely visit Curry Leaf .
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try .
lobster was good , nothing spectacular .
Fresh , mind blowing flavors .
Bleecker St Pizza is the best !
The gnocchi literally melts in your mouth !
It 's a shame that a nice , convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service .
since the first time I came here I 've been hooked .
The rest of the dim sum , though pricey by Chinatown standards , is worth it .
I recommend to anyone who wants to dress up and impress the lady .
Try the tandoori salmon !
Jimmy is Dominican !
supercilious scorn is in .
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable .
The service is ok but could be better .
We were very disappointed .
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry .
The eggplant parmesan is also great , and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce .
His drinks are very inventive , delicious and classy .
Waitstaff is great , very attentive .
I went here with a friend on a whim , we went someplace else first and could n't get a table .
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I ca n't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing .
The dishes came out around 5 minutes apart .
I am not a vegetarian but , almost all the dishes were great .
The restaurant was packed at first , so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated .
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service .
While I 'm not sure that this happens all the time-this is the kind of treatment that buys repeat business !
Would NEVER go back there .
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience .
The place has a nice fit-out , some attractive furnishings and , from what I could tell , a reasonable wine list ( I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins )
Reasonable prices .
Just do n't do it .
They never came back to refill our glasses again .
The fettucino alfredo was amazing .
After all that , they complained to me about the small tip .
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert .
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night .
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $ 5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $ 2 and you 're set for the night !
It had been awhile and I forgot just how delicious crepes can be .
As a Japanese native , I 've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years , but I was just so amazed at this place .
Thank You Emilio .
But if you 're prepared to spend some $ and remember to ask if something they offer is complimentary , then this is the place to go for Indian food
Loved it !
Best Reuben sandwich ever !
Service was very good and warm .
Arigato Gozimas Yuka !
It 's the perfect restaurant for NY life style , it got cool design , awsome drinks and food and lot 's of good looking people eating and hanging at the pink bar ...
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz ?
Great food , great prices , great service .
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets , and then ordered for them .
Went there last night for 2 year anniversery , and was n't all that impressed .
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price .
Seriously , this place kicks ass .
We were a group of 8 and well seved .
I loved everythig about it-especially the shows and actors .
The service is friendly , if not the most prompt in the world , the food is great , and the prices , while not cheap , wo n't put your wallet out of commission .
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels , puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing , and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world .
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES , I get angry that I did n't just go to Zucchero Pomodori .
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese .
expectations were real hi reading the ' 10 's ' .
The pizza was great .
We were on our way back to NJ , and since I am in NY , we figured why not grab some food ?
I work near-by , and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood - not a packaged or quick-cooked item .
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place , but not any longer .
I was back-to-back with the diner at the table behind me and wait staff had to hoist trays over our heads as they squeezed past us again and again .
Cute place , nice wait staff but would never go there again .
I ca n't remember the last time I had such gross food in New York .
That 's why you have to pay more for that .
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate .
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested .
I went there with a few friends and will return .
None of that yucky whipped stuff .
Unfortunately , with our show tickets , we did n't have time to sample any desserts .
We went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different .
I do n't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer .
Another great place to take out-of-towners !
Not too much so , but enough that there 's a great scene .
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the " free " appetizer of olives was disappointing .
Service was devine , oysters where a sensual as they come , and the price ca n't be beat !!!
With so many good restaurants on the UWS , I do n't need overpriced food , absurdly arrogant wait-staff who do n't recognize they work at a glorified diner , clumsy service , and management that does n't care .
I mentioned the squid dish was n't very good when the waitress visited .
The food 's dazzling flavors overwhelm the palate , truly embracing the beauty of authentic Thai cuisine .
The food was terrific and the service classy , attentive , without being overbearing .
The waitresses are nice -- also you can just get counter service sit .
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter .
My friends settled for rice dishes , but we came back the following day to try the dim sum , which was good ... not outstanding , but good .
The staff is very friendly .
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly .
The hostess was very pleasant .
Worth visiting the 1st Ave spot because it is the original store .
Avoid at all costs .
You will not be disapointed at all .
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood .
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant .
Check out the secret back room .
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends , having lunch , dinner , pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks !
I 'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service .
By far , the best pizza in Manhattan .
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you wo n't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME !!!!
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty .
Great sushi experience .
Hey , I think $ 2 + for a 5 block walk ai n't bad .
