I ' ts nice to have the higher-end laptops , but this fits my budget and the features I need .
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment .
The hard drive crashed as well , and I had to buy a new power cord .
this is starting off good .
I do n't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included .
I finally own a piece of computing equipment that I do n't want to take a baseball bat and destroy .
I work in film editing and post production , so I need a laptop that not only has power , but memory and speed as well .
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV .
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy .
My favorite by far , although the most expensive , was my Sony .
Laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair .
Screen is crystal clear , yes it 's small - but it 's a netbook !
However , the machine itself left a bit to be desired .
Setting would change for some reason , the screen size would change on it 's own , like the pixel sizes and whatnot .
They would repair one thing , send it back and it would still have the same problem .
With all the programs that came with it , such as iLife and iWork , I was set from the very beginning .
However , it did not have any scratches , ZERO battery cycle count ( pretty surprised ) , and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly .
Features like the font are very block-like and old school .
I 've only had it one day , but I really do love it and I 'm happy it was economical and I 'm finally able to own a Mac !
My last laptop gave me a constant battle even though it was also completely new .
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem , they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I 'd like to purchase more memory for $ 75 .
I 'm going to try and keep my old G4 on the road for as long as possible .
Other than that , I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities .
The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities .
First the screen goes completely out .
defective software .
It 's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time .
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB .
fast , great screen , beautiful apps for a laptop ; priced at 1100 on the apple website ; amazon had it for 1098 + tax - plus i had a 10 % off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax - 1070 - OTD !
I am stuck with a laptop that I can not do very much with .
They claim that I should be happy because I am getting a new laptop to replace my two-month old laptop .
I will also say it is much better than I expected !
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service .
I work as a designer and coder and I needed a new buddy to work with , not gaming .
( For those old enough to remember , it is similar to Beta versus VHS .
The device speaks about it self .
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART , I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM .
One drawback , I wish the keys were backlit .
A MONTH LATER , we reinstall the OS ( Vista ) .
My sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason .
I wish I would have taken the plunge years ago .
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind . . I love the lit up keys and screen display ... this thing is Fast and clear as can be .
This thing is awesome , everything always works , everything is always easy to set up , everything is compatible , its literally everything I could ask for .
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device .
We used PC products - it seemed simpler to continue with the same thing .
I love this 13 " Mac white unibody .
Ok first .
My laptop worked again for just a while before I started having issues AGAIN .
and it has blue screen crashed on me twice .
With a mac you do n't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall , it 's so wonderful .
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance ( 2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz ) .
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16 " laptop does .
I use it mostly for content creation ( Audio , video , photo editing ) and its reliable .
The screen graphics and clarity , and sharpness are great .
I was having a though time deciding between the 13 " MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13 " ( Both baseline models , priced at 1,200 $ retail )
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I 'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty .
I am able to organize my pics , music and files easily .
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty , so I sent it in to be replaced and ( almost 2 months later ) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement .
So , I went back .
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds .
Logic board utterly fried , cried , and laid down and died .
It is really thick around the battery .
After purchasing this thing , I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera , and that it can not be purchased at the store - only on line .
It has plenty of memory , lots of hard drive , and great graphics .
After they found no other way , they told me to courier it to them ( since they do n't allow the use of the post office ) at my expense , and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it would n't be covered .
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great !
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad , alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too , I would recommend using a mouse with it .
Stay away from HP .
I love apple but unlike others That does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not .
I also travel with it and it never gives me any problems .
My MacBook is probably the best investment I have ever made .
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool ? The after sales support is terrible .
I got a mac as my HS graduation gift .
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR .
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite , I like the extra features , I love the windows 7 home premium .
I have recently converted back to a mac and I could n't be happier !
I have had laptops in the past and I thought why not give these small netbooks a try .
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer .
I have no problems yet on my mac so far , and hope it stays like that .
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused , because they knew it was trouble .
Save your money and go for a better device .
Not as fast as I would have expect for an i5 .
I had it four months when my disc drive refused to open .
If I have a few hundred dollars to spare , I 'd buy the Pro line though , the 2.53 and 2.66 GHz model .
I 'm just really happy that I waited to buy , because this thing kicks a $ $ !
You may soon mistake my digitus medius as a lively pogo stick .
The advantages of owning ' a ' mac are numerous .
The Macbook Pro is extremely thin and light compared to those heavy Windows Laptop .
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior .
In addition , all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations .
Very good quality and well made .
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc !
But in fact it is totally the opposite .
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it .
Honestly , I am surprised no one else has mentioned returning theirs .
I play a lot of casual games online , and the touchpad is very responsive .
The RAM memory is good but should have splurged for 8Mb instead of 4Mb .
This laptop has only 2 USB ports , and they are both on the same side .
I am very pleased with my purchase !
That 's how frustrating it was .
Otherwise , I love it !
Best Buy laughed when I told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks .
Love it .
So , owing to these problems , I went out and got myself an Apple MacBook Pro , which I am using with great satisfaction at this very moment .
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for .
After 3 pleasant weeks of use , the laptop just died .
I never tried any external mics with that iMac .
But to be honest , the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time .
A coupla months later , they change my hard drive .
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs .
they respond : " your dissatisfaction is noted " ...
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion , so I kind of knew what I was getting , but had n't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features .
The majority of the reviews seem to be for the 13.3 MacBook Pro Model # MD101LL/A .
They only stay charged a little over an hour .
I have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production .
It 's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it 's an investment and that it 's gon na last you a long time .
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices , and USB devices are recognized almost instantly .
I spent 2200 dollars on a " top of the line laptop " .
Almost 4 years ago I bought what was then the current , up to date HP Pavilion -- If I recall correctly , it was the dv 1300 t.
HAVING HAD EXPERIENCE WITH A TOSHIBA LAPTOP , I WAS DISAPPOINTED TO FIND THAT THE TOSHIBA NB305 LAPTOP HAS MAJOR PROBLEMS .
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty .
All in all great item highly recommend it .
got another 1 , and same issue .
Everything was so easy .
That is pretty sad when they name them specifically .
The letter A stopped working after the first week .
Very satisfied .
OSX Mountain Lion soon to upgrade to Mavericks .
It is BLAZING fast !
It was heavy , bulky , and hard to carry because of the size .
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far , and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it .
Nothing bad to say about it .
The screen is bright and clear , the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice .
I 'm Very disappointed in Dell .
It will make life so much easier next semester , just wish I had it last semester !!
I could not handle it one hand like I can the replacement computer I purchased .
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies .
Small and light weight .
I am just ONE of the million customers .
I 've saved a lot of time and headaches so far , using my new MacBook Pro .
everything about a mac is wonderful , it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system , but you will learn fast and its all worth it .
I was not aware that this product can not display websites that contain Flash .
lots of preloaded software .
Overall a nice computer .
it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk .... this is in an un-air conditioned room ..... in air condition it gets slightly warm ......
I 've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from Vancouver ) techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere .
I 'm using this computer for word processing , web browsing , some gaming , and I 'm learning programming .
As with any laptop not purchased with software options , it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications .
its more like a snail crawl .
I would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of grabage .
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC Specs : Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I 've had in the past .
Size : I know 13 is small ( especially for a desktop replacement ) but with an external monitor , who cares .
Buy it , love it , and I promise you wo n't regret it .
Because it IS a defective product .
The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money .
When I am at Starbucks between clients I get full bars on my HP and 1 bar on my Eee PC .
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better .
True quality at a great price !
It is a REAL touchpad , not the toy I saw in other brands .
To me it 's a workhorse ... and quiet as can be ... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to Uncle Sam ... Definite Buy ...
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues !
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother .
The computer continued to give me issues and in Late June it completely died again and I tried to call Acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me , they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me .
I bought it to be able to dedicate a small , portable laptop to my writing and was surprised to learn that I needed to buy a word processing program to do so .
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours .
I will never go back to a PC again !
I am going to go back and return at Store I bought from !
The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months .
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV .
It was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again .
was a great deal i will give that .
Some days it 's just blurry , some days it appears that it 's raining on my nice desktop background of a lake and mountains .
10 plus hours of battery ...
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
I do n't do any high tech stuff on it , just write papers , check mail , and sometimes play games , so I ca n't reccomend it if you are in the computer field .
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24 " LCD screen , so built in screen size is not terribly important .
I love the Mac so much better than my work PC !
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand .
I highly recommend this product !
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price .
This is definitely a computer worth the money ;
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value .
But reasons we chose this Apple computer .
I brought this laptop last friday , and originally it worked fantastic .
Minis make sense for a lot of people .
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
I was going to buy today and noticed it went back up to $ 344.99 ?
Tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again .
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
This is a review of windows vista system .
So noise is reduced at least 50 % and the heat is much better , now it does n't feel hot but warm .
Sony , Acer , Dell , Packard Bell and Toshiba .
Im glad that it has such great features in it .
Cost is more as compared to other brands .
Cheaper than buying it @ apple too !
It 's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open .
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months .
Built-in apps are purely amazing .
User friendly , fast and high tech It is amazing !
The screen is a little glary , and I hated the clicking buttons , but I got used to them .
first i have been searching for long time before i decided to get mac .
also ... - excellent operating system - size and weight for optimal mobility - excellent durability of the battery - the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand -
The ultimate graduation gift .
Got this Mac Mini with OS X Mountain Lion for my wife .
also the battery is completely shot .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
Although i do believe that Windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems .
What a mistake !
Do you think I purposely " destroy " my netbook , so that I can demand a new set ? Do you think it 's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution ? Or rather NO solution .
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more .
and then , a guy came out to serve me instead .
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution .
So , I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road , hoping they can make the hinge tighter .
Did I mention everything about it , from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK ?
And i would recommend this to anypne looking for a new laptop .
I wanted a simple , reliable laptop .
and it fits in my briefcase with ease
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well , but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing .
I have used a computer at work but having your own personal laptop is AWSOME !
I investigated netbooks and saw the Toshiba NB305-N410BL .
I took it to the shop and they said It would cost too much to repair it .
I visited the Apple Store and was impressed with the 17-inch MacBook Pro .
Being a tech savvy , APPLE - product loving person , I 'm glad I finally got the MacBook Pro !
I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point .
After using it for over a month , an issue started to surface .
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced , so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months .
this computer will last you at least 7 years , thats an amazing life spanned an electronic .
This is not Best Buy 's fault .
My daughter uses it for games , email , facebook , pictures and music .
On the twelfth day that I had the notebook , I decided to go to Dell 's website and update it .
Harddrive was in poor condition , had to replace it .
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it .
3D rendering slows it down considerably .
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all .
I will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when I do so I do n't run accross a situation like this again !
The keyboard feels good and I type just fine on it .
Originally bought it for my wife .
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista ?
I use the computer to basically check emails , surf the web , print coupons and for my college papers .
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products .
No Cd Rom in the new version there 's no way I 'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version .
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent ...
Good computer and fast .
I purchased this laptop 9 months ago !
Treat yourself to a more expensive , long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony , Apple , or Toshiba .
The Apple applications ( ex.iPhoto ) are fun , easy , and really cool to use ( unlike the competition ) !
With all the goodies inside this machine , it is a value .
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm , I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard ( no keys sticking or lagging , strange configuration of " extra key " , etc .
They 're easy , fun , powerful and will last a long time .
I saw this one , and I have the most difficult time trying to use them , they 've made great dust collectors , I hate putting this computer down
I would never tell anyone to buy one either .
The cool thing about this is anyone can use it .
just chill and enjoy .
It 's outstanding too .
Yes , I thought the expese was a little much , but I now realize you get what you pay for .
It does n't bother me though .
Buy this .
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle , and when I click on it it says : " Consider replacing your battery " and it does not hold full charge .
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install , but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu .
I have had at least eight Toshiba laptops , and they have been outstanding , including this one .
? I am only interested in the 15.4 McBook Pro Model # MD103LL/A
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary , some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix , others had the repair done 5 times .
the touch pad is fine - again , it 's a real touch pad .
The only time I have restarted is during system updates .
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY .
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it .
But if you are in the computer field you probably would n't be here .
I have had no luck with staples or HP to resolve this problem .
It 's light and easy to transport .
The only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets , and rather quickly too .
It is made better , thicker , and all out tough !
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare .
I find it not to be very user friendly .
Anyway , in early July of this year , the DVD burner stopped working , and the computer stared having issues with power supply .
The problems started with just the screen freezing .
I am loyal to Apple .
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple 's previous laptops .
I waited another month for approval and for them to " BUILD " me a new laptop .
thanks for great service and shipping !
i cant believe HP put this out .
There is no cd drive on the computer , which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd .
Made interneting ( part of my business ) very difficult to maintain .
This computer literally takes about five minutes to start up and to be able to use without it crawling and I DO mean crawling .
Other Thoughts : Received replacement 16 Days later .
Summary : After doing some investigation on the web , I have found that Toshiba NB205s are not chronically not booting .
They freeze all the time .
They 're absolutely useless , unless you count the joy of releasing anger while smashing into little peices against the wall .
Let me start with the good : So awesome .
! so nice . . stable . . fast . . now i got my SSD !
Also , the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it .
About 1/2 of the sites I need to visit because of my work contain some type of Flash .
Okay , let 's just start out by saying I am in no way a computer techy .
I managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me .
Consumer Report recommended Toshiba .
It is sleek , smooth , and lightweight .
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left .
Love that it does n't take up space like a regular computer .
No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault .
They do n't crash .
I use this for my tutoring business , and since I 'm always bouncing from student to student , it is ideal for portability and battery life ( yes , it gets the 8 hours as advertised ! ) .
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in .
I love the easy to see screen , and It works well for work , persoal or just play .
Have one myself and Love it !
It crashes , and when it goes flat , it just DIES ( like a PC , maybe worse ) and I loose all my open documents !
I 've owned every " Pro " model Apple laptop for the last 8 years , this is BY FAR the WORST one I 've ever had .
I started hainv problems with it within the first month .
Somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot .
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine .
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing .
Received all four in good order ;
But for now , this laptop is still a workhorse .
Never had a single problem , and do n't have to worry about viruses .
Will probably never buy a HP again .
Now for the hardware problems .
Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint .
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more .
Well , I have to say since I bought my Mac , I wo n't ever go back to any Windows .
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly , and multiple at a time if you sowish .
Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket !
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded .
Call tech support , standard email the form and fax it back in to us .
I shopped around before buying .
Now , , , , , my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months .
I just hope the reputation that Toshiba has is true and I wo n't have to worry about a crash .
I am totally satisfied with my little toshie !
Yes , a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there , but there is no comparison in style , speed and just cool factor .
It 's face and depanable .
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
GET THIS MACHINE
They don t translate from a Mac , even on Word , resulting in a ton of run-on sentences .
Moving from a PC to Mac has never been easier , and I 'm glad that I did it .
My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible support , but this machine just caused another plunge .
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could .
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE !!!
Yeah , to you .
Strengths : Well-shaped Weaknesses : A bad videocard !
Good luck .
Its still going .
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I was n't too worried about getting a virus , plus I thought I was protected by Norton .
The battery holds up well , it 's built very solidly , and runs fast .
It was an all around waste of money for me .
apple and quess what , you have to send the whole laptop in , too bad , so sad
This laptop leaves alot to be desired , I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice ...
What can I say , It 's an Apple .
I had the same reasons as most PC users : the price , the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games .
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all .
great battery life .
This unit is not .
Excellent speed for processing data .
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $ 175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $ 175 and it was fixed .
I 've had my MacBook Pro for three years now and still love it !
After talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate , I chose the MacBook Pro over the white MacBook .
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows .
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
The pro is a great product , I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge ( the edges hurt my wrists ) .
Handles all my basic media needs easily .
Dell 's customer disservice is an insult to it 's customers who pay good money for shoddy products .
I returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund .
I 'm tired of the inept service .
I went from a Macbook to this Mac Mini and this was a great upgrade !
excellent in every way .
I first purchased this Dell model " 1764 " on April 6 , 201
Hope this helps !
It is , however , very heavy .
This laptop is a 100 times better than a Chromebook !
My first laptop was an Acer that I got for Christmas .
Skype is just so dang cool with this machine too .
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
I have been a PC user since middle school , but in my mid twenties I decided to convert to the dark side , or should I say the brighter side of life .
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this !
And I can attach my projector to it .
I just took the broken cords into the Apple store and they gave me new ones .
This computer is really fast and I 'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to ...
I 've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly .
A month or so ago , the freaking motherboard just died .
* 2 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Called headquarters , they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is " on the top of the stack " .
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop .
I practically have a new laptop with all the " fixes " they have done !
It 's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook .
Graphics are much improved .
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer , was a six month trial .
I realize that not every unit has this issue , but the ones that do can not be repaired .
Love the speed , especially !
Buyers beware .
It 's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I 'm struggle with finding the correct keys ( but that was expected ) .
Thanks , MacConnection , for making this a seamless purchase !
It will be returned in the state to which it was shipped Michigan .
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases .
I initially purchased my Macbook Pro 13 " in April , and I loved it .
The Macbooks worth every penny .
Really great ... Well let me start at the beginning .
I love it !
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes .
Thinking about returning it
Its seen in movies , sitcoms , prominent important people carry and use them and they are GREAT !
Just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute , but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card .
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP , yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost .
I ca n't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up .
So , after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer , until it froze this morning -- completely .
So if you move laptop a lot , it might get loose , however it sits pretty tightly .
If I had to buy another computer , I would most definetly buy an acer one computer .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly .
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive .
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY .
Oh my goodness-I am not a happy camper .
It 's software and speed enable it to do amazing things .
I bought this one for my 11 year old and the MacBook Air for my 9 year old .
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend .
It has no camera but , I can always buy and install one easy .
I am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one .
It 's a nice little gadget .
It is known as Safari , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box !
they have not sent a new one nor called .
Instead it is sitting in West Verginia waiting for UPS to take two days to send Me a box and Two days for them to ship the computer some 691 miles by air ? to Louisville Ky .
Overall very impressed , Thank you Apple and Amazon !
My sister is the electronics manager at Wal Mart and she says that HP is the best .
From the get-go , the M6809 was unsteady in its operation ;
That 's right , no power , absolutely NOTHING .
They sent it off and within 2 weeks I had it back good as new .
3 ) Horrible customer support
No laptop is perfect , but sometimes you just find a computer that works for you .
i tried turning it done but it did nothing .
The difference is it 's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now , still learning the Apple navigation , but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps .
Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer .
Great purchase and I definitely did n't miss out on the Black Friday deals .
Either way the entire thing was just a joke , a complete rip off !
I 'M SO HAPPY WITH MY macbook pro !
I respond that I do not have the old computer ...
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything .
Trashed it when I spilled a latte on it while writing at a cafe .
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately .
So , you can imagine how unhappy I am with this item .
Very Very Highly Recommended .
It is very slim , the track pad is very much impressed with me .
So far , it 's an average laptop - no better , no worse than the HP I replaced .
and looks very sexyy :D really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price .
Web surfuring is smooth and seamless .
I work with kids and they love making short videos on there .
His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test , and it was failing .
It has surpassed all expectations and fulfilled all my needs .
We use the built in tools often , iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone .
bought the first asus laptop in san francisco , returned it in santa maria , thinking it was just a problem with that computer .
Two times with in one month .
I 've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer .
I remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever I look at the small scratch that it has caused .
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , I took it for granted that these features were standard .
It 's fast , light , and is perfect for media editing , which is mostly why I bought it in the first place .
So you might ask , what did Apple do for me ?
Typically , when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience .
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing .
Does exactly what I bought it 4 .
So this was great for me .
but after i got used to it i love it .
It has been to early to see if this actually fixes the problem or not though .
MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING .
In all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
Super light , super sexy and everything just works .
Obviously we both got new Macs .
Despite the plethora of problems , I managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years .
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage .
This laptop looks great on the surface : 17 " inch screen , good price-point , nice appearance , boots up quickly , runs fast etc .
Apple " Help " is a mixed bag .
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty .
The machine is speedy and efficient .
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side .
But , buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM ( 2x2GB for $ 92 or 1x4GB for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM .
But then , something goes wrong .
what an elegant , wonderful machine .
I 've been a PC user and I just finally switched and I am never going back .
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops .
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better , but am very happy with the upgrade .
I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned ...
It works really well .
So glad I did not waste money on a less than par product .
I complain again ...
-4 RAM slots , 2 HDD Bays * , 16GB RAM support - No Wireless Issues , at least for me .
WHEN TYPING , LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES .
It has everything I would need for a home computer .
I like it better than my big Dell Laptop .
But enough about that , I am an Apple convert for life .
Also , my sister got the exact same laptop ( since they were so cheap ) and after 8 months , the screen split in half just from everyday use .
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook .
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase : Build Quality - Seriously , you ca n't beat a unibody construction .
I also love the design , the looks , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
My hp G60-244dx died after only 16 months .
I have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures .
Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I could n't .
Great product , very easy to use and great graphics .
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
Design : very durable .
System is running great .
Far superior to my MacBook .
It 's super fast and a great value for the price !
Everything is so easy to use , Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software .
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life .
The Hewitt Packard Pavillion dv6700 was my first laptop , before this I had a Dell desktop that I loved .
Thank God for " ctrl Z " Bottom line , I 've been using laptops since the mid 90s and probably the majority of brands out there .
The right speaker did not work .
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook !
My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive .
First of all , I 've been Dell fan for more than fifteen years .
They do n't seem to be susceptible to viruses , which is one less big thing to worry about when it comes to computers .
They are n't worth the money , even though they are on the cheap side , laptop speaking .
But if you 're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc .
Without a doubt , the * design * of this laptop is fantastic .
seriously why have n't they just replaced it by now .
It still serves me well both in business and home needs .
Unfortunately , that is not the case .
I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated , but once you get past the initial expense you 'll find that they 're worth every penny ( besides , there 's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers ) .
It was a hard decision for me since the MacBook Pro looked so appealing .
If you faintly come close to touching this thing while typing , all craziness may break loose .
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning .
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all .
Very fast boot up and shut down .
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro .
Basic computer .
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot .
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out .
I would recommend this product .
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed .
Acer wo n't replace the laptop .
If the number of patrons in the Apple store are any indication , HP and other PC manufacturers need to take note .
Purchased for development purposes , but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing , e-mail , etc .
This can be annoying at first but you just have to train yourself not to to start over so far .
Recommended to people as their first laptop .
I would suggest this product to anyone .
The laptop is gorgeous .
The leather carrying case , keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse .
I will only buy apple laptops from now on .
With in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down .
it is of high quality , has a killer GUI , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
Ever since I bought this laptop , so far I 've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines .
the i3 processor does n't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on .
packing and everything was perfect
She brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that " It is like that one " .
: - ) If you buy this - do n't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life , and you 'll be perfectly satisfied .
This item is a beautiful piece , it works well , it is easy to carry and handle .
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time .
We were PC users .
I was getting extrememly frustrated when I would want to do these simple taks that I would have to wait and wait and wait for things to download or virus that would clog up my PC .
I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life .
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life , as well as the many background programs that run without the user 's knowlede .
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything , just certain things .
This is my second laptop , and it is head and shoulders above my first .
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved .
But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player .
- Managed to send complaint email .
I did add a SSD drive and memory
I am using the external speaker - sound is good .
We have n't had any problems with it at all .
its as advertised on here .... . it works great and is not a waste of money !
The Apple will run Internet Explorer , but at an amazingly slow rate .
I have had several machines over the years , both for personal and business use .
lightweight , long battery life , excellent transition from PC ;
They really screwed the pooch on this one .
Everything about the Mac is not only visually appealing , but very easy to use .
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
After all was said and done , I essentially used that $ 450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM , TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive .
I was constantly having to roll back the computer after doing updates .
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and " fixed " the edges by rounding them off .
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet , word processing , graphic design and gaming .
( You may be reading one now !
My wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine , and any connections I turn on should work .
They sent out a Sony ' Certified ' technician .
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck .
While Apple 's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products , and their support is great , it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium .
Even though it is running Snow Leopard , 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel .
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons .
- Estimated time to fix it : 10 working days or less .
I had left my regular laptop at home and needed something to use while out of town .
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp .
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door .
The only thing I miss are the " Home/End " type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long .
The shop will definitely push the problem to the service center .
For the Bluetooth to work properly , you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD , or it will not show after the reload .
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated .
- They say it will take " up to two weeks " .
I bought it for really cheap also and it 's AMAZING .
At first , I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system .
Great overall .
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied .
I 'd recommend this laptop to anyone !
Also , the battery does not last very long at all .
Yeah , of course smarty pants " fix it now " ) Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple ( which I promptly did ) .
Honestly , this is absolutely wonderful .
Looking to take my video and photo editing to the next level , I decided to purchase the MBP 15in Intel Core i5 after reading consumer reviews as well as professional reviews of this laptop .
I can leave my MacBook uncharged for upwards of eight hours and it wo n't even be dead .
Runs Hot I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product .
I ve had several calls lasting more than an hour with promises to call back , but the return calls never came .
It did n't come with any software installed outside of windows media , but for the price , I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product .
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up .
It WORKS !
It 's applications are terrific , including the replacements for Microsoft office .
Quality Display I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop .
( If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it should n't , check the " Activity Monitor " app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero .
So , I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff ) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up .
Does a great job with video shot on a Canon 5D MKII .
And it 's so quiet that I do n't hear it at all .
Yeah , it 's super expensive .
I think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it .
Yet , HP wo n't do anything about the problem .
I am so addict to this laptop .
As it turns out , I just did n't know any better .
Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase .
There is hardly any memory on the computer 's hard drive .
Just be careful ; you always have to give up some good stuff for others .
This is why I purchased a BRAND NEW LAPTOP in the first place so it would n't have ANY problems .
They break down just as often as PCs do , and the only reason they do n't get viruses , is because no one makes viruses for them , they 're not better in any way , they are worse , try finding virus protection programs for a Mac , they do n't exist .
I plan on using my MacBook Pro for a long time .
I have found also , it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access ;
In the three years I 've had my MacBook Pro , I have never had a virus on my computer , and I do a lot of work on the internet .
Also , one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells , it does n't seem to be a problem .
First , it does not have a push button to open the lid .
The computer could have been shipped by Priority Mail through the USPS for the same cost and arrived by Noon on Tue .
It 's color is even cool .
Shipped very quickly and safely .
Maximum sound is n't nearly as loud as it should be .
Would HIGHLY recommend this netbook though .
Will certainly use MacConnection again .
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did , and I have all of the programs that were on my PC .
As a computer science student in college , I find that the portability , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
Again , decent comp for the price , and I was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me .
And now I am a proud MacBook owner also !
Enabling the battery timer is useless .
Called Acer many times , they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
It does n't heat up like my old laptop .
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options .
While there are occasions that my computer will freeze or will need to be manually shut down , this occurs far less frequently than on PC computers and laptops that I 've used .
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop .
It is not an easy decision to purchase a used or even good as new laptop but I am very satisfied .
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so .
Simply amazing computer !!
Mac computers automatically " defrag " each time you start your computer .
I do n't have that additional money right now , and therefore would n't have purchased it at this time .
This is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone .
The book is useless .
Bought for my daughter to take for starting college this fall - she has been on it non-stop ever since " learning how to use it " .
Well designed and fast .
great price free shipping what else can i ask for !!
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried .
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty , and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore .
The company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized .
Only issue is that it is a little slow , and I 'm fixing that by adding more RAM .
Beta had better quality , but VHS became the industry standard .
2nd Best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches to make less easier for people to hack into
A seventy dollar mouse !
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
While I mostly use it for email , internet and gaming , I 'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I 've come to appreciate from Mac laptops .
What a great little laptop .
4gb of ram ...
Not working = bad
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky !!
It is fast and easy to use .
I was so happy with my new Mac .
I look forward to years of use , it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well .
This system is not worth the money or trouble trying to get it fix .
I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27 " Imacs .
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase .
I got the new adapter and there was no change .
Wireless has not been a issue for me , like some others have meantioned .
I have Vista , so I am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
There has been no problem with anything .
It all just makes sense .
the internet can be an scary place its up to you on what you do with it .
Also , I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot , and not even sitting on anything to make it hot .
But , at the same time they ( the company ) would not and could not do anything about my problem .
I previously owned an older Dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years .
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba , no help at all .
It turns out that this hp pc had been preciously sold by Wal Mart .
It is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems .
Not even safe mode boots .
I should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer .
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet , actually the fans are n't audible unlike my old pc
As usual at customer service center , she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague ( I could see them ) .
C'mon , LG .
it might be something deep within Windows , for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive .
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again .
One suggestion I do have , is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC .
The nicest part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation .
My problem was with DELL Customer Service .
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard .
Extremely disappointed with the way it is .
I 'm going to buy a logitevh c270 .
So far , a great product .
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it .
I ' have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty .
The unibody design is edgy and durable .
I made the right decision .
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard does n't light up on this model .
Dell sucks
And at one point , they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop ( I bought the memory stick they recomended ) .
Small enough to use on a long flight , Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
( The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection ) .
The MacBook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic .
I WANT MY L505-s5988 BACK !
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I did n't like the trackpad .
Have purchased many products over the years from MacConnection and this transaction , like all the others , we smoothly with no problems .
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect .
For this purpose , it 's great .
Once open , the leading edge is razor sharp .
I am glad I did my research .
People know what they are talking about and they have pride in the product that they are selling .
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
I have owned it only two months !
* 4 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Annoyed at MacHouse Amsterdam , decided to send complaint email to Apple .
I think just going from PC to Mac has gotten me totally spoiled and I ca n't imagine ever going back .
Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one , so back it went to get the correct drive .
Very nice so far .
They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer , not what I 've done .
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB .
I ca n't imagine my life without it anymore !
Although I was promised about 10 hours , I found myself to a limited 7 hours ( which is still amazing ) .
Just bit the bullet and bought the Mac hoping it will last a lot longer  .
I would recommend to any one lloking for a first class computer !
I love my macbook pro !
I just love this lap top , I just wish it were all silver or they had all black .
I could n't afford a new mac , so I bought a PC instead .
The computer blinks it shuts off at will .
i would have to say that overall its great !
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too .
I got the Macbook and he got a Macbook Pro .
If you already own a 2009 , 2010 , or early 2011 model , you should wait until the next update .
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
I got the first " Blue screen of death " in the early part of July .
I also own an HP notebook and it does n't even come close .
Though you get a polite person , you often don t get a solution .
Note that I do n't ordinarily take the time to write a review .
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything , no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed .
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty .
But the Macbook is the best !
I bought it to my son who uses it for graphic design .
I should have realized that trouble was brewing .
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac .
If you can afford a new laptop , and are in the market for one , of course , then definitely go for this .
They also have a longer service life than other computers ( I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks ) .
So , I thought why not give Mac Book pro a try .
Yes , he is a self professed " Mac snob .
A lot of help they WERE N'T !
I love the size , keyboard , the functions .
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED ( THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST ) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED .
I would like to use a different operating system altogether .
And windows 7 works like a charm .
So if you want a good machine that does almost anything this is the one , if you want a low budget computer then look at the other great brands Best Buy sells .
I was extremely happy with the OS itself .
The Windows 7 Starter is , in my opinion , a great way to think about using your netbook : basics , basics , basics .
My friends are in awe every time they come over !
Now , I guess , I 'll have to unload my M6809 on some poor , hapless soul .
Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously .
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop .
Thank you .
the last time we took it to get fixed the guy said that most likely it is a reppative problem and will keep happeneing so hopefully we can get a new one very soon !
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use .
Returning this as soon as I get out of work
I can not even read what I am writing half of the time .
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops .
The computer was shipped to their repair depot on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned .
The touch pad is among the best .
Very fast for my needs .
99 to fix it .
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently .
I 've had a Toshiba laptop in the past ;
I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty , you will probably need it !
If you find yourself in the market for a new laptop ( and have the money ) do n't exclude looking at the MBPs .
And , if you are going to deal with HP be careful .
i have had my dell latitude for almost three years .
It gets stuck all of the time you use it , and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work .
All the problems I have had with PC 's are solved with a Mac : the issue of overheating-my Dell was always overheating and not working properly or simply shutting off , and the issue of viruses and contaminants-my HP completely quit working within2 years of purchasing it , with no inexpensive way of fixing it .
It is super fast and has outstanding graphics .
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games ( WoW ) to Photoshop , but nothing professionally .
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue .
Apple hit a home run here .
this one , in my opinion , might be a lemon !
Newegg 's RMA service was great as always , I contacted them late Friday night , and they issued me an RMA number and a PrePaid UPS shipping label the very next morning on Saturday .
The keyboard is top notch .
Once again , I was told it was the suspicious power supply problem .
Then only FOUR months later , my great MacBook pro FAILED .
If I have a problem with any of my apple items I make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there .
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate .
I think it was around 16 hundred bucks last I checked .
It 's not like I have used for half a year and then complained about it .
My only other complaint is that it gets really hot .
It is her first laptop and she is thrilled .
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars .
Even though it is much more expensive than many PC laptops , it is worth the price .
Otherwise this little notebook has met all my expectations .
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience !
Never been hacked .
Heck , I like all Mac computers , but they 're all WAY too pricey for the kind of economy the U.S. is going through .
do not buy you will be disappointed .
I 'm Not exagerating when I say this computer is perfect . . i It is !!
Which was way too much money .
i try to use it today and I ca n't logon .
Yet my mac continues to function properly .
this is one of the reasons I purchased it .
I was very worried about making the two compatible - but literally , it was so simple I was almost worried that I was doing something wrong .
Again - windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with !
I worked in IT retail sales before .
It was hard to handle and operate at school .
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden .
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east .
After numerous calls to Applecare tech support , I was directed to send in my computer ;
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i 've ever seen .
Emachines says they 're waiting for a part and refuses to replace entire unit .
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer .
If you 're not wanting to be mobile , this is a good laptop to sit on a desk .
This is my first personal Satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous Satellite work issued laptops .
I finally made the leap after my Gateway crapped out on me .
They refuse .
It 's a lottery at this point as I have read that other have received new ones with the same problem .
I have the A65 - right now it 's a paperweight .
The other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes , the most common being a corrupted version of Appleworks which can render the browser useless .
On two occasions the computer s calendar told me it was 1969 .
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use , and would not move past this error .
Reason why ? It 's because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if Apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80 % .
You will love this macbook if you choose to buy it .
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she 'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook .
The screen resolution was exactly what I was looking for .
Not good for a person who gets online daily .
They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board .
I wish it had a webcam though , then it would be perfect !
she ca n't tell the difference between it and her regular desktop system .
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks , and I am impressed with the intuition of the design , the beauty of the product , and the excellent technological advances associated with it .
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel .
Overall for the money this is a good deal .
The Toshiba Satellite laptop is DESIGNED to fail !
A cheaper price should not equal a " cheap " product .
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites .
( Beware , their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is .
Do n't waste your money or time .
I am please with the products ease of use ; out of the box ready ; appearance and functionality .
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day I turn it on , no GUI , screen all dark , power light steady , hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does .
while the keyboard itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
I like it !
So it was only about 2 weeks ago .
Great laptop for school , easy to use for beginners in the household .
The product is prefect for everyone .
I purchased it this year when my old HP laptop finally died and I was looking for something smaller and lighter than a laptop to carry around for classes and traveling .
No problems , no lock ups , no disappointments .
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the warranty .
After 4 days , being denied 6 times and told off once , I managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt .
You know , using the computer should be fun , not aggrevation , especially when you are playing games or working with photos .
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game .
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card , but still requires a return .
I was tired of going without my laptop every few weeks .
The configuration is perfect for my needs .
So , I must say I am not a happy camper .
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought .
My wife recently purchased an Apple MacBook Pro and our granddaughter fell in love with it and asked for one for her birthday .
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once .
- Computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly .
I Have a friend who has the other model and we put them side by side with the same dvd in ( battle of the Smithsonian ) After on Hour mine was at 53 % life left and his was at 69 % life left .
Oh and if thats not bad enough it does n't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
I took it home and within 30 min , it was freezing up and did the " blue screen of death " .
I Hate it !
I ca n't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket .
Lord HAVE MERCY !
The system it comes with does not work properly , so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all .
I went from BestBuy to Dell , Windows to Apple .
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home , and it runs just fine .
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista .
The guy then said that if I insist on having the hinge tightened , they can do it for me but I have to accept the condition after the " repair " .
they improved nothing else such as Resolution , appearance , cooling system , graphics card , etc .
:) In the past four years I 've had it I have never once gotten a virus .
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me , but I have just been using firefox instead .
, which Apple does n't offer , is why I bought my MacBook at Best Buy .
Turns out this is a common problem .
I just ca n't fathom that the celebrated Dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs .
The battery life , before the battery completely died of course , left much to be desired .
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome .
The Unibody construction is solid , sleek and beautiful .
Mac tutorials do help .
Being a PC user for many years to switch to a Mac I will not go back .
And the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming .
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one .
I 've never had problems with viruses .
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality .
All I can say is W-O-W .
It was about six months later when the overheating problem started again , to the point it felt like fire on the bottom of the machine !
I recommend for word processing and internet users .
They did n't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement .
With what I do know how to do , the computer works beautiful .
And I may be the only one but I am really liking Windows 8 .
I would like to tell you about the best laptop I just got from Mac .
This a starter notebook .
It is easy to use , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
I bought my Acer Aspire custom made in June 2008 .
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still did n't work .
The biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it .
Vista is a nightmare .
I made a photo book as a gift , on my computer , pushed " Buy " and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house , the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined .
Words can not express how much I love my new Mac .
The machine is used , but is like new , i 'm very impress .
Just for a stupid CD .
I can see why the have soooo much money .
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month .
It is EXTREMELY fast and never lags .
It 's not a wear-and-tear issue , not due to user carelessness and most importantly , they CA N'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome .
My review mainly talks about the difference I have felt between an early 2011 and late 2011 mac book pro .
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable .
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free , even without the warranty .
High price tag , however .
Great deal on an amazing lap top !
the battery is irreplaceable .
Finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a Walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box .
I hate it !
Love the graphics , awesome programs ( including Garageband ) , and really cool default background .
I am an Info Sys major in college , so I started researching this issue on my own .
Using this machine is like a mild form of torture .
PC never worked right even after BIOS fixed .
Avoid this model .
Enjoy using Microsoft Office !
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing .
I let my friend borrow it , and she knows nothing about computers , and she used it with ease .
The Toshiba Net book operates very well .
Cons : Screen resolution .
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days .
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed .
And Toshiba is totally unconcerned .
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and do n't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures .
mac is extremely different than any other laptop .
The worst a Mac ever did to me was freeze up .
Good luck with your purchase options .
Have returned that laptop unused .
The sheer power and flexibility makes the MacBook Pro a must have for any techie !
Now I could get myself a cheap computer , that will probably work a whole lot better !
Premium price for the OS more than anything else .
Delivery was early too .
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $ 350 more than my original Mac .
Another two weeks later and it was back in my possession .
also you may need to charge it once a day , if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it .
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS !!!
They informed me that I had around 7 " policies " or viruses on it .
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another .
In short , you could say your mac could become your best friend ( no intention of replacing Rover your dog ) .
Recently there are a few incidents that annoy the hell out of me .
Stop living in the stone age and buy a mac , you will not be sorry at all !!
This thing is a lemon .
Very happy .
The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip .
The new os is great on my macbook pro !
I would rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that is n't good at all .
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers .
I 'm done with WinDoze computers .
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour ....
I do transcription work on the side , and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well .
not using wired lan not sure what thats about .
I also like the acer arcade but these were reallythe only two things I liked about this laptop .
You ca n't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with .
I have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that I would have learned a lot quicker if I would have taken the class .
HP said I had done the damage .
10/10 five stars would recommend .
Then it ceased charging at all .
A great feature is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
I 'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages .
" This is n't a big deal , I have n't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media , only through USB output .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
Great pick for portability and affordability .
The old unibody macbook pro could fry an egg after a while .
Unfortunately , it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April .
I really wish I had done this years ago .
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba ? Probably not ever again .
Summary : I 've had this laptop for 2 months , out of the blue the power adapter stops working .
The track pad to me is what really stands out though , you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad , awesome thinking Apple !
The acer one compuer is a great computer .
Speakers does n't sound that great .
But to be honest , I do n't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming .
ASUS said my net-book was working properly .
both upgrades were quickly accomplished after purchasing the necessary Product Key .
Keyboard is great , very quiet for all the typing that I do .
Oh yea , has no numeric pad on the side .
I have loved this since i took it out of the box .
Finally , I could n't take it anymore and ordered my Apple .
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use .
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer .
I 'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown .
Money and time well spent !
The screen is nice , side view angles are pretty good .
I had to return it because it would n't even start .
You just can not beat the functionality of an Apple device .
The battery was completely dead , in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside .
Simple to use , and great graphics .
Since I 've had this computer I 've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth .
Though please note that sometimes it crashes , and the sound quality isnt superb .
I have had many , many issues with PC 's in the past and I 'm finally glad to have joined the Mac revolution !
OSX Lion is a great performer . . extremely fast and reliable .
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation , but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size .
I am paying apple to kill my self and my wallet .
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe would n't work .
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
The pictures are clear as can be .
The video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better .
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in .
The screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze .
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive .
The memory was gone and it was not able to be used .
So happy with this purchase , I just wish it came with Microsoft Word .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
The only thing that is n't perfect about this netbook is the speakers , they are not loud at all but I expected that .
( I definatly ca n't ) .
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen ) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online .
I even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , iChat , Photobooth , garage band and more !
The screen , the software and the smoothness of the operating system .
I have found it very easy to use , very imformative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs .
I did not have to call the support line at all .
I have other computers that get strong signals that do n't drop in places that this " net " book loses its signal .
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer .
I bought this last week , and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding .
Boot time is super fast , around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute .
After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive , my mac is just flying .
The cool thing about the Mac Book was that I went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iPhone , then I came back and put them onto my Macbook and made a pretty good DVD movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip .
The keyboard , which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard , now looks terrible .
I had to have these computers in my school .
The Nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year .
Ok , this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple .
Also , it hardly ever crashes .
I do admit it is pricey but the saying is really true with this MacBook Pro Laptop ( You get what you pay for ) .
I or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything .
I 've have n't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off .
I paid $ 800 for this computer from my school campus bookstore .
My son said it popped up and he clicked update .
Put a SSD and use a 21 " LED screen , this set up is silky smooth !
I would recommend Mac , and do , to anyone looking to buy a new computer .
It has worked fine .
Keyboard responds well to presses .
I can throw anything at it ( and I do ) , Pictures , video editing , schoolwork .
I bought it from HSN because it was " bundled " with extra software , but as it turns out , that software just crashes it more often .....
I bought it during the recent Comex IT show .
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market .
I enjoy very much my new Toshiba , purchased specifially for attending online schooling .
If only Bill Gates would read some of what is said here MS would do a better job .
I was told by many that it was a great computer , but we got one of these , and it worked great for one year , and as soon as the warrenty was up , then it got really bad .
I love the glass touchpad .
The lesson learned here is : It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand , since all of them are there to simply to make as much money as possible , as fast as they can , and in this day and age , the customer no longer is right all the times .
This is a great machine !
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components , and I 'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator , but I still expected better product quality for this price range .
Am very glad I bought it , great netbook , low price .
It was over rated !
I had a toshiba for 10 years .
Do I like the computer ? Well , other than not getting viruses , I guess it is OK .
So needless to day , I 'm not happy .
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here , it tends to freeze up sometimes , but thats the only bad thing about this computer .
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver , much easier than any other computer I have ever owned .
I loved the netbook ( minus the fact that it was windows OS ) until this started happening .
Summary : HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it .
Overall : Poor , Features : Average , Performance : Poor , Battery Life : Excellent , Price-Value : Poor
Do n't get me wrong , I am no Microsoft hater , I 've just managed to turn into a much bigger Apple fan because of this machine .
Needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up !
it has 3 usb ports , 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion .
The 13 " MacBook Pro is portable , durable , and very capable .
I use a cooling pad but it does n't help .
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer .
This is the first macbook I have ever had .
again this is just my personal honest opinion .
I 've been having endless problems since I bought the computer - only 1 month ago
- I propose that I can just swap the hard drives .
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down ( the nail slot on the card can not be accessed ) , if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue , but its not .
- Called headquarters again , they report that TFT panel is broken , should be fixed by the end of the week ( week 3 ) .
It is easy to find documents , and keep them in one area .
Sorry Toshiba , but 1st impressions do count for something .
Now 17 months later they want ( would not say exact amount ) $ 165.00 to $ 400 to fix the machine .
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION .
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership , so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan .
It was kind of a rebellion against PC in fact , and I am certainly glad I did .
MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful , well worth it .
It allows me to do everything I need from a computer and more .
This process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times .
It doesnt overheat or make any loud noises .
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed .
Not easy to carry .
I would say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful .
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily .
He 's thrilled with his new laptop .
Speakers too small to be of any real use .
She said its very user friendly .
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery .
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English .
I have full control at all times of what is going on - there is no control + alt + delete business anymore .
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed .
Needs longer lasting battery , More than 1 to 2 Hrs .
Has a 5-6 hour battery life .
the speed is fine .
If that is the case for you , I would suggest a pull-behind solution when looking at cases .
Finally , I purchased a Toshiba .
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently .
I my wife is also now the proud owner of a Macbook as well !
This computer is not cheap and represent an achievement for me .
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty .
From the build quality to the performance , everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple .
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability .
All I will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap Vaio .
I was starting to boil .
Good keyboard , long battery life , largest hard drive and windows 7 .
I do n't have any technical pearls to share .
I 'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the ' old ' way - and Apple does , indeed , have the better idea .
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would .
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years , and never a issue .
It did fairly well , other than it 's poor performance , overheating and occational blue screen .
I have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me .
oh yeah , and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
That was a big mistake .
The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming , otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks .
There is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import .
THIS is what a laptop is supposed to be .
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised .
I am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook , it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop .
The best thing to do is build your own computer , but if u ca n't company 's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $ 2000 systems and if you google " dell coupons " you can find codes that take a signifant amount off the price .
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free .
I love this little one .
falls into the case .
I like it so much , I bought another just for my wife .
I lost two items I was working on until I figured out what was happening .
Most of them were either too big , too noisy and too slow after 2 years .
$ 999.00 Tax free .
I 've had my Macbook Pro since August 2009 .
The display on this computer is the best I 've seen in a very long time , the battery life is very long and very convienent .
Not super fancy , but not super expensive either .
Do you think the shop will give me a new set ?? It will NOT !
I think it was seventy nine plus tax .
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up , not able to connect .
Runs very smoothly .
I believe I purchased this in Dec 09 for my primary work laptop which is used 5-10 hours a day , 4-6 days a week .
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive .
Graphics are clean and sharp , internet interfaces are seamless .
Even with virus protection , it always turned off when updates were needed and installed .
They went through asking me open up various components , taking battery out , hard disk apart , and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it .
Awesome form factor , great battery life , wonderful UX .
However , the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen .
Not sure on Windows 8 .
With a healthy pessimism , I took the machine home and tried to find a flaw .
I claim that this has no value to me , the laptop was new anyway .
Long story , but after many calls to various offices , I was told that no one can override the depot and that managers do n't take phone calls or e/mails .
It 's like 9 punds , but if you can look past it , it 's GREAT !
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop .
4 ) Laptop still did not work , blue screen within a week ...
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP ( what I thought was a reputable company ) would n't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart .
The laptop is relatively simple to use , though I bought Macs for Dummies , which is well worth $ 2
Should be there by the end of the week ( again ... ) .
It is fast booting up , shutting down , and connection with the internet .
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years , I find not much difference except of course for the screen size .
The first one I had was a 2006 model , not the Pro .
I previously owned a Toshiba and it only lasted about 2 years .
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better .
Ca n't wait until I go on vacation and take it with me .
If you do n't like fingerprints , this might not be the laptop for you .
so i called technical support .
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth , they come loose .
( No problem with the ordering or shipping by the way .
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have .
My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM .
pros : the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so .
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office .
I thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer would n't go onto our wireless network and I would n't have the same problems because it was updated .
NOW AM VERY APREHENSIVE ABOUT TOSHIBA LAPTOPS .
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed .
It 's the mid 2012 version .
Once you go Mac , you ca n't go back !
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone .
I bought this Mac book pro along with a new 27 " iMac and while they are still light years more reliable than a PC I have noticed a decline in the reliability of my Mac computers .
It was a bad experience but i played down its importance .
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar .
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it .
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before !
It was also suffering from hardware ( keyboard ) issues , relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime .
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs , clean cookies , and delete unused files .
( but Office can be purchased ) IF I ever need a laptop again I am for sure purchasing another Toshiba !!
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
I ca n't even turn it off .
It came in brand new and works perfectly .
Few viruses to catch ;
- I give up on my data , I just want a computer reasonably fast ...
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with .
It was at my door in less than 24 hours .
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort , which was a problem for most pc 's unless you had a quad core I7 .
Sad very SAD .
This was a great deal for a decked out MacBook Pro .
It 's also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing ) .
It did everything we expected !
I switched to this because I wanted something different , even though I miss windows .
The mouse is a little bit different than what you 're used to though - it has one big flat panel and one full bar ( instead of two separate ones ) to click with - but you get used to it quite quickly .
Very long-life battery ( up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings ) .
I was n't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed .
But let me tell you , the mac book pro is so professional .
Would like more trendy , high tech features .
So I called , AGAIN .
Eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on .
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
But if you ca n't make your product last more than a year , you will not get my business again .
However , there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless .
Long story short , since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one , I did n't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop , but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year , they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services , they finally gave in .
I am sorry that I purchased this laptop .
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro .
It would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required .
Also , you wo n't have to worry about them going onlne a getting a virus .
I do n't have stupid pop up windows ( even when I have pop ups blocked ) , I do n't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down .
The only thing that can be updated is the video , other than that you 're all set .
I love everything about this computer .
Going to bring it to service today .
2 months later , the battery went .
Just do n't waste your time and money on this .
Yes , the MBP is more expensive than competing PC laptops .
Hewlett Packard HP Pavillion DV6000 Laptop is the worst laptop we have ever bought .
It even has a great webcam , and Skype works very well .
For the not so good , I got the stock screen - which is VERY glossy .
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance .
And that probably explains why I 've already had my SATA controller go bad within a year of buying it .
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed .
Well , I bought this laptop a month or two ago .
A couple things you should know :
Overall though , for the money spent it 's a great deal .
The 13 " Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product .
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you do n't carry it around , which could jar the hard drive , or the motherboard .
An absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will .
However , I can refute that OSX is " FAST " .
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM , the computer was kinda slow .
I have never had it crash , randomly turn off ,
I 'm glad I bought this laptop , it was worth the few ( $ 100 ) extra dollars .
If you had PC for four years I can almost gaurentee that something would of gone wrong by now , maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer .
while about 8 years ago , I hope that the quality has changed .
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications .
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
This computer I used daily nice compact design .
I own other Macs but always find myself navigation to the MacBook Pro to get my work done .
SO of course this one came through with the awesomeness !
I chose the iBookG4 , a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone .
I would never buy a Dell again .
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you : )
The price and features more than met my needs .
I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 " Mountain Lion " .
I only wish this mac had a CD/DVD player built in .
I have had the luxury ( sarcasm ) of owning 2 of these laptops .
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it .
Probbly the worst decision we ever made !
I 've owned this labtop for less then two months , already the mouse button has broke .
Needless to say , not to happy with the product .
I am definitely sold , and not going back to PCs for home use !
Again , I sent it off to Acer , by this time they were paying for me to send it to them and everything , but it was still inconvienent because of my classes and my communication with my fiance .
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense .
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
After numerous attempts of trying ( including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly ) , I gave up ( I am a techie ) .
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos .
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it .
wow the new macbook pro hanged as i tried to type this review .
It suddenly can not work .
Let me tell you , this machine is great .
Strong build though which really adds to its durability .
I ' v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand .
After years of occasionally pulling my hair out fighting computer viruses , a good friend convinced me it was time to go the Apple route .
Asked the customer service rep.
I purchased an HP right after my high school graduation .
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I do n't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows .
However , you have to adjust yourself to what it will do , not what you want it to do .
It does n't have a lot of frills , but I did n't need any , and being able to buy what I needed , and not more than I needed was very important .
I never have had a good result with this computer .
Incredible graphics and brilliant colors .
It is better than my old acer laptop .
The reality was , it heated up very quickly , and took way too long to do simple things , like opening my Documents folder .
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it .
BEST BUY - 5 STARS + + + ( sales , service , respect for old men who are n't familiar with the technology ) DELL COMPUTERS - 3 stars DELL SUPPORT - owes a me a couple
After the bad experience with this computer went back to compaq .
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to .
But sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the BIOS again and shut down and would not turn back on .
Unfortunately , Apple 's quality has continued to slide .
For example , when my husband turns the light out while I 'm on the computer .
The OS is also very user friendly , even for those that switch from a PC , with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS !
I just fell in love with this thing .
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program , and the program will simply open that file .
Good monitor and performed well .
Being only 2 months old , I am not a happy camper !
they had to replace the motherboard in April
One of the primary reasons why I purchased an IPad was to store photographs so that I could show to my customers .
Works well , and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS .
I have been a mac user since the mid 90s .
It is a big big , but since it has a 18.4 " screen what would you expect !
But , Mac makes the switch from PC to Mac easy .
i will be returning it and switching brands when i get to best buy .
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty .
My Mac is much more efficient than a PC so it does not need the extra bells and whistles to compete .
I recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it !
System is loosing about 20 % of performance because of that .
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system .
This is the first laptop I 've owned , althougth I used several at my previous job .
He has replaced his hard drive twice and ( of course ) has had to pay for antivirus software every year .
I am pleased to report that it is one of the best presents I have received to date .
This computer was awful , I would never recomend it to another person .
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit .
I have an iPhone , and iPad , so it just made sense to finish off the platform by adding the Mini .
I have owned many different brands of laptops in my life .
It makes sorting out all those photos on my digital camera a breeze , and organizing them by place , time taken , or sending them to an online print shop , or uploading them to Flickr or Facebook etc , is not hard at all .
This is a great computer .
Stupidly , mind-numbingly slow -- then I found it can only be loaded with 2GB * maximum * .
I took it back to Best Buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one .
There is a blank lighted screen when I start and that is all .
After that the said it was under warranty .
Its pretty much fire it up and go .
If you get a lemon ( I have two thirds of my Macs ) , you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it , even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers .
All the customers that come in hate Dell .
I was really happy because it is a much better price on amazon.com than it was in the Mac store .
I am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review .
I do n't want to RUN a computer ; I want to USE a computer .
It is amazing .
I am not much of a computer techie , so I can understand some of the internal problems , though I do have trend micro as an antiviral program .
This was absolutely annoying !
Looks nice , but has a horribly cheap feel .
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing .
The software is amazing .
It 's fast , light , and simple to use .
This netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop ( my wife and I have another laptop ) , or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks .
Sure it 's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100 % .
The buttons you have to press a little harder than most .
It 's a bummer and one out of five is being kind .
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a USB wireless card .
Very very disappointed !
We are addicted to the Mac .
I am having a friend look at it , but will probably return it .
The people there just changed for me on the spot and I got a new arm piece and they did n't even request for a receipt .
Please , anyone who is considering getting this computer , stop .
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer ( when they have a certain promotion/offer going , of course ) !
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk .
It 's great to have a solid Mac in the living room .
It was still working , but there was nothing on the screen .
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop .
dell is a decently made pc .
It has happened again and I 'm being told that it 's $ 175 .
( I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $ 50 ) Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
Memory is upgradable .
It was definelty a smart move .
Or the cursor would show up some place else .
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds .
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures .
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality , had poor performance , although it did have great battery life when it did work .
Honestly , I spent more time waiting for it to unfreeze then actually doing what I got on there for !
The benefits were immediate !
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista .
My smart phone is faster !
All-in-all , I would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone .
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go .
I will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day .
I would Highly recommend this MacBook .
taking it back less than 24 hours of purchase
It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program .
I ca n't even install one of the 3 printers I have in my house so I am unable to print .
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port ( will work with adapter ) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back .
Good in every aspect .
I got this laptop on Black Friday .
I considered I may have too much on the computer , but after looking , there was plenty of space and that is not the issue .
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook , I have been very pleased with it , I have a laptob and a desktop .
I ordered four D620 laptops .
I have n't used the product long enough to write a detailed technical review .
The lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months .
For the [ $ ] price ( special offer ) this is a great laptop .
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price .
I like this machine because its very lightweight ...
The battery life is great .
They were great in handling this problem , and I 'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future .
The netbook is easier for me to take to bed and carry around with me .
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails .
There were small problems with Mac office .
It was a total Dhell experience that I will never repeat .
I 've only had mine a day but I 'm already used to it ...
Everything is falling apart internally and externally .
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ( $ 400 ) and I thought it would be a good , easy to use first laptop .
I spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare .
I was originally concerned that I could n't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting , but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs .
The track pad is a bit squirrely at times - sometimes too sensitive , and sometimes a bit unresponsive , but it 's usable .
- Bluetooth ( 2.1 ) , Fingerprint Reader , Full 1920x1080 screen - Integrated Mic/Webcam * - Dual touchpad mode is interesting , and easy to use -5 USB ports - Runs about 38-41C on idle , Up to 65 ( for me ) on load - Very quiet - I could go on and on .
I decided I wanted a laptop so I went into the BBY store .
In due course , I 'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash .
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem ( after spending about 2 hours with me ) , so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem .
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys .
Quite simply this is the best laptop I have ever owned .
the hardware problems have been so bad , i ca n't wait till it completely dies in 3 years , TOPS !
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up .
Was very much worth the price i paid .
However , this will be my last as well .
I love it !
I bought for my son in the 2nd grade .
I guess he was the technical person .
I am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it .
It 's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box .
Three , the mac book has advantages over pcs ' with linux based os there is very ' few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac .
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it .
This is a great little computer for the price .
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff .
The dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
It is easy to navigate and update programs .
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan .
Still have n't solved this .
I can never go back to a PC now , this machine never freezes or has any problems .
WILL NOT EVERY BUY ANOTHER -------- LOU
Its a pretty decent computer .
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one .
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
It came before the day it supposed to which is great .
i FINALLY DID IT AND THIS MACHINE IS THE WAY TO GO !
It has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here .
The technical support was not helpful as well .
Three weeks after I bought the netbook , the screen quit working .
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use .
I now travel with this laptop and my work PC .
Great wifi too .
I love it - never had a computer I was so impressed with - and I 've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is FAR AND ABOVE THE BEST ONE I EVER HAD BEFORE .
In the past few years , I 've had terrible experiences with HP .
I fell in love with it .
Although my model was listed as recalled , HP denied my claim .
It was weird .
While the computer seems to be set up in a common sense way rather than in geek-speak , there are certain quirks that can drive you crazy trying to deal with the PC world .
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to , so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased .
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish , I broke down and spent another $ 100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac .
So far , I have no complaints .
This was the same problem with my MacBook ( circa 2007 ) that I just retired .
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed .
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services .
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game .
I had static in the output , and I had to reduce the sound output quality to " FM " as opposed to the default " CD .
Exactly as posted plus a great value .
I should have checked this before I installed my applications .
I just love my Mac !
I really do n't like it , but I am stuck .
Before i bought my new i5 , I did my research for about 2 weeks and determined to move for HP to Apple for reliability , dependable , and long lasting operations .
We now own two of these , identical .
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop !
Every time I log into the system after a few hours , there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through .
- Stay away from MacHouse Amsterdam .
This machine was a horrible experience .
I 'll stick to Tashiba .
She told me flatly , " It 's like that one .
To my mind much more usable than the toy called an IPad .
I bought my first MacBook after seeing the product demonstrated .
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must .
I do not plan on going back .
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7 .
My previous purchases were with Dell and HP .
It was secure and easy to navigate .
but it came back in even worse shape .
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I 've seen .
Heck , if I had enough ' money , I would but it as a gift for someone .
I love the quick start up .
Comes with iMovie ;
Games being the main issue .
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK !!!
Even if you do n't do business , thats okay , it 's incredibly fast .
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC .
They gave me a hard time yet again , but their was a malfunction in the battery itself , it did n't die .
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard , but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC .
I was always against them but now I buying one I 'll never go back to PC .
The only thing I did n't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection , in case it gets broken , or crashes etc .
It 's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs .
First it burned or fused the power adapter plug .
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back , but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened , and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair ( the price of a new one ) .
Also the display is exceptional !
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual , but substantive .
The one thing that Apple does right is computers .
Its a good laptop for its value .
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty .
Everything I wanted and everything I needed and the price was great !
For the same price , you get a lot more in the Asus .... 1920x1080 res .
HP did n't fix it .
It 's small but powerful , light but strong , elegant and beautiful ... In resume : it 's a Mac !
I bought this netbook for traveling , and it 's great - light , functional , and meets my needs .
It super shiny , so you can see the fingerprints easily .
I was said it 's videocard .
Great Laptop for the price , works well with action pack games .
But with this laptop , the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny .
Runs good and does the job , ca n't complain about that !
Eventually my battery would n't charge , so unless I had it plugged in it would n't even power on .
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once , it never slows down .
I will have to say that I love my MacBook Pro !
* 6th week * - They are not responding to my emails asking when they expect to dispatch the new unit ...
Again .
I am a freelance graphic artist .
I am now making a point to avoid their products and I hope my experience can serve as a warning to you as well .
EVENTUALLY we pushed hard enough to convince them that this was the MACHINE that was causing the problems .
The " abuse " is that I pushed the power plug in too hard .
Fan noise : The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
This netbook went bad on me after 3 days .
I went with him and we picked this one .
The Dell mini was the first Dell product that I had ever purchased .
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer , left right and front .
So we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it did n't work .
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive .
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio .
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive .
i 'm returning mine
The battery life is also relatively good .
Overall , it 's ok .
This is by far thee best , most reliable computer I could find .
It took so much time .
It was also cheaper than the Pro which made it even more appealing to me .
the apple pro notebook will not let you down .
HP said it was out of warranty .
While we struggle with all the crashes and viruses , the kids computers stay consistent and so we caved in and bought one for buisness !
Before I got my macbook , I owned a Dell laptop .
Have used only Macs for years .
I am not sure if it was the drive itself , however ;
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4 + people to report the damaged part will be returned late !
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here .
I really like the size and I 'm a fan of the ACERS .
Charger seems large for this class of computer .
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it !
I bought it for college and so far it 's amazing !
That being said after 2 weeks of owning every time I start it up now it gives me a black screen for 5-8 seconds stating pxe-e61 media test error check cable .
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me .
The only thing that I do n't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to .
It 's A MAC !!
Do yourself a favor , this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware ...
PLEASE MAKE THESE !
We researched and found the best price at MacConnection .
It is the easiest computer I have ever used
the manufacturer 's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts .
Thank goodness for OpenOffice !
Perfect trifecta !
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop , and the battery life is amazing .
I re-seated the " WLAN " card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers .
The local computer repair shops send out ads that say along the lines of we can fix almost any problem or computer usually even the trouble some Toshiba satellite .
The bottom-line is that this laptop just is n't worth it .
First , you ll discover that the word processing program known as Appleworks rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer , if it translates at all .
I waited to review to make sure it is what it is .
I 've always owned a PC and decided to try a MacBook to see what it 's all about .
After the first few months , the computer started crashing about every week .
on the bright side at least I was n't without my laptop for long this time !
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5 's .
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse !
It provides much more flexibility for connectivity .
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet .
I went right out and purchased another laptop .
I have a business website and every time I have to change something I have to go to the public library to use a PC .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines .
It has a faster processor and more ram .
Easy to carry , can be taken anywhere , can be hooked up to printers , headsets .
It Was a great deal after all .
another satisfied customer .
I 'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $ 176 every 3 months just is n't worth it ( that 's about how long the port seems to last ) .
I love the form factor .
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it .
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming .
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba , too .
Having someone give you a quick tour of how to 's is the best .
So do n't get it .
LOVE IT I 've always been an apple fan boy , but never had the money to buy a mac , only ipads and iphones , and this is my first mac , blew me away completely .
It doesnt work worth a damn .
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning .
Ca n't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off ( even then , it still does n't shut ) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user .
Many thanks , Overstock.com .
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small .
Another thing I might add is the battery life is excellent .
Finally , I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time .
The computer was delivered as promised .
You know what ? I happened to buy a defective blood pressure monitor a week ago at the Bukit Batok Polyclinic NHG Pharmacy a week ago .
The only downfall is the volume control .
I am very satisfied with the mini .
Took a while to clean it up to my specs .
can never go wrong with apple products .
As of a couple weeks ago the middle portion of the laptop from top to bottom , , , about 4 inches across is hardly visible .
If you 're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game , you 'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV .
Moral of the story : - Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers .
First off , I really do like my MBP ... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around , and the overall build is great ... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on .
I paid for a new laptop , but was sent a used one .
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this " never " happen ...
So far it has been five months since the last problem was fixed and I am PRAYING it has finally stopped .
UPDATE : Two years after buying this laptop , I am now the proud owner of a lemon .
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped .
After a couple of years , my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery .
you will not regret it , promise you !
They said it was a computer error on this type of computer .
The price was very good , and the product is top quality .
However , this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it .
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it , as I am old school and hate the pad , but knew that before I bought it , now it works great , need to get adjusted to the key board , as I am used to a bigger one and pounding .
The people are frustrating to work with , the product itself is very cheaply made , and the accessories are less than satisfactory .
I sit down and use my husband 's work PC and I do n't like it one bit .
The perfect notebook ...
Was not happy with one of the programs on it .
While many people brag about Mac being " intuitive " , it does take a little time to adjust to coming from a PC , but once I got the hang of it , I do n't want to go back .
Pretty much made sense to get a Mini .
I 've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense .
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things , they always come up with good looking products .
it 's just a great toy to have around .
Other than not being a fan of click pads ( industry standard these days ) and the lousy internal speakers , it 's hard for me to find things about this notebook I do n't like , especially considering the $ 350 price tag .
However , If I sound enthusiastic about this , I am !
But as time went on I found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi .
The fact that you can spend over $ 100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine .
The PhotoBooth is a great program , it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera .
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful !
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop .
Fully charged , the MacBook Pro can last about five hours unplugged .
HP Pavilion DV9000 Notebook PC When I first got this computer , it really rocked .
I sent it to them to fix in perfect condition but for what was wrong with it .
I will never buy anything from HP again !
Enough said .
Hopefully Amazon will take this back .
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive .
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made , yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet !
The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad .
When this happened I would have to completely power off my computer and restart it .
i asked many people , search on the net and also read reviews here in best buy .
Do n't waste your money !
I love it so much .
When I got it , I immediately noticed that it was quite heavy and thick and not really attractive .
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school , I had a hard time from beginning .
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal .
Its the best , its got the looks , super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad ! . .
the only down fall is that it has no cd drive but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have .
Its Office compatible , but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
So far , so good .
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ( $ 1500-2000 ) which also support " accidents " like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare .
Theres a built in camera with special effects - for video and photography .
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE .
I can actually get work done with this MAC , and not fight with it like my tired old PC laptop .
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something .
They are asking me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site .
They removed them and returned the computer to me .
I am not one to throw things like this around but it is a laptop so carrying it around does seem to mean it will be jerked possibly a little , while driving a car and carrying it into where ever you are using it .
I now realize that my $ 900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop .
I ca n't begin to say how disappointed I am .
Hopefully my replacement is brand new .
I was n't really sure I wanted to spend that kind of money !
The graphics are great .
I took it back for an Asus and same thing - blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset .
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that does n't require a dedicated video card .
The first one sent : Touchpad did n't work The second sent : USB did n't work The third sent : Touchpad did n't work The fourth sent : Has n't arrived yet .
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $ 900 + level only , and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU ( similar to the $ 799 Mini ) , with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card ( this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card ) , and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse , all put together in neat and nice package .
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software , but there is no guarentee .
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and can not be downloaded .
tons of bloatware and junk programs .
Support has been lackluster and now I just want a refund .
i dont understand why i spent twice as much to get a laptop rather than a desktop when my lap top is completely immoble .
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer .
Was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience .
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer .
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time .
To this day , there are NONE .
This causes my wrist to scrape up against it .
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO !
That includes transferring my music and movies .
I called back to ensure that received it , they had .
After about another month I had to send it in AGAIN to Acer for repairs .
He said quite a number of people had encountered this problem and said it is a common issue .
It is as good as new .
Now they are believers in the product .
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary .
While it was highly rated , would I like it ? I tried the keyboard at the store , and it seemed ok .
Most of the large bags are for a 17 inch .
And the ram ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
They say it could be the motherboard again , but Dell
It has a very high performance , just for what I needed for .
I think that was a great decision to buy
Its fast , easy to use and it looks great .
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba !
I liked the aluminum body .
It 's A MAC !!
its sad because their commercials are great .
It is everything I 'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint , but somehow a bit more sturdy .
I had a USB connect but , i ca n't use it because it is not compatible .
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties ( which cost more than the netbook new ) then they are in helping or fixing .
Good laptop for the money .
Other Thoughts : Do not purchase this product .
Being a PC user my whole life ....
But the arm velcro is torn after one use .
I had a little problem adjusting to the small screen but works fine as long as I remember to carry my glasses .
Back then my entire family was Devoted to the Sony name .
Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another , and I am not kidding you , I called different hours of the day and you 'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again , since they make it sound like they do n't have your history list of your calls right in front of them .
It is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me .
In November my computer messed up entirely and would n't power on after intalling a Windows update , I had to have my HD flashed and lost EVERYTHING on it , including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things , when this update was installed for some reason I was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history .
One of them seems to have worked .
I asked how they would determine that since there are no scratches , dents or other signs of damage and was told that was the only way this type of damage could happen .
You just get a trial version either way .
Im very happy with this computer !
I also wanted Windows 7 , which this one has .
I used windows XP , windows Vista , and Windows 7 extensively .
It is the best all around Mac .
It came alot faster than I thought it would have which was really exciting .
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch .
Dell Latitude d620 is not a reliable machine .
My laptop cost approximately $ 2,300 and DIED after only 2-years , 10-months and 18-days of use .
Before I begin , I will say that I am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - I am not an Apple fanboy .
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights .
What a waste of time it was to run a Defrag on the PC !
I should have sent it back to them then .
All I can say is I am impressed .
The processor screams , and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
The battery life is probably an hour at best .
The apple care has never failed me , and I expect it to be the same for this computer as well .
so when I had the money to buy one I bought other things instead .... a 700 laptop and some extra stuff with it .
The Dell Inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard , which I miss on my Apple laptops .
Amazing product as you would expect from Apple .
I had 3 months when the ports started going out .
I bought this eMachines Notebook PC in January of this year and I am highly dissatisfied with it .
Best Buy ended up junking the computer and giving me a replacement computer .
In summary , take your money elsewhere .
So I 'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority .
I have a lapdesk which I can use , but I can still feel the heat through the foam and plastic .
The driver updates do n't fix the issue , very frustrating .
Quietest laptop I have ever owned .
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
It is super fast , and always loads .
I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily .
Winters is on it 's way and I imagine it will be cozy .
My real problem with it ? The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it 's a lie .
for 2 months .
We did n't because it was already over 2,400 dollars !
Hieroglyphics are quite common .
I HATE this one .
I decided to buy a few notebooks for my nephews for Xmas .
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment .
Info : Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing , or corrupt .
IT IS TRASH !
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years , I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues .
I have had another Mac , but it got slow due to an older operating system .
And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse .
I simply got tired of a bad computer like windows with its constant freezing and anti-virus .
bought notebook 07/2009 .
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
Have n't regretted it one bit .
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING !!!
The problem I had with this unit was unresolvable .
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off , too -- a mark of poor construction quality .
Since the machine 's slim profile is critical to me , that was a problem .
I had finally reached my limit and broke down .
I 'm going back to PC .
The aluminum body sure makes it stand out .
No temporary replacement , they are out of replacements because " many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset " - Inquired status of repair .
Even set at the highest level , the computer sacrifices its queen every time .
( I 'm an excellent touch typist , and my hands are very sensitive , too .
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE .
That 's a huge difference .
It does not even have the software to play a dvd now .
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3 .
I love everything about it .
Finally , the biggest problem has been tech support .
This one has had the same effect .
Only 2 usb ports ... seems kind of ... limited .
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic , and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly .
I have had some excellent computer and have found I had no idea what to do with them
Did n't expect to repair it at once !
Laptops are usually used on the go , so why not give you a better battery ?
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly .
I am taking back today .
It took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back .
Lastly , Windows 8 is annoying .
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions .
But I did n't want to spend another thousand on a laptop since my work already provides me with a PC .
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality !
I bought this Mac in order to replace my old Dell laptop .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it .
I took the computer into Best Buy where I purchased it and they kept it over night to study it .
Now , as easy as it is to use , and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop .
It is a bit heavy .
It freezes , and it always shows that there is an error , so I have to restart it a few times every time I use it .
! Excelent performance , usability , presentation and time response .
I have nothing to regret from this new product .
The apple macbook pro nothing to say butprofessionally great and outstanding .
- Apple offers to send replacement and after 10 days I send them the old computer .
Clearly , there is something wrong with the product and LG did n't take up the responsibility .
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork .
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones .
Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore , Apple does n't even offer it anymore !
So i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer
All of the programs ( Keynote , Pages , Numbers ) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours .
Definitely worth spending the money on it .
Despite the inconvenient weight , I opted for the 12 cell battery .
Dismantle the whole thing ? Then it will not be a newly manufactured set like before .
so we got a good deal on hsn for an ascer notebook and we bought it for him .
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired .
Maybe it 's Acer , maybe it 's MSFT .
I was informed that I need to call some 0900 number first .
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price , and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls .
The price premium is a little much , but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash .
No complaints for an Apple product .
It is truly a Desktop Replacement .
This mouse is terrific .
This Mac Mini makes the Macbook Pro seem slow .
The video card is great for media , and above average for gaming , but not a gamers first choice .
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks .
IT WANT TAKE IT , IT KEEP SAYING ERROR .
Get this instead , you wo n't be sorry .
Then they had me jump through many hoops and questions to see if they could find another way to invalidate me .
PC users work in Word , while Mac users work in Pages .
Still not bad for 220.00 .
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted .
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates .
If you 're looking for a great laptop , you 've found the best here .
I had less problems .
With no problems , I 'm happy with this purchase because I saved money compared to buying it anywhere else .
No installation disk ( DVD ) is included .
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems .
So this is very good commputer and i highly suggest it .
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics .
However , the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary ( unless you 're gaming ) .
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications ( ie Internet tabs , programs , etc ) simultaneously .
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive ( I do n't really understand why but anyway ) .
The performance seems quite good , and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera .
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully .
I have had my new Macbook Pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled ALL of my old PC laptops .
So honestly , I was n't expecting anything less than perfection , and I was n't disappointed .
I also love the small , convenient size of my laptop , making it a perfect tool for my academic studies .
I should have been more observant .
Registration/1st use is easy .
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba 's reputation for laptops it 's great !
It is very durable , I am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet .
apple is one of the best computer companies in the country .
Plus stylish .
I am a full Mac convert now .
The Genius at the Apple store advised me that there was nothing about my use of the computer that caused this failure .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
The speed , the simplicity , the design . . it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned .
the key bindings take a little getting used to , but have loved the Macbook Pro .
little short on RAM but you get what you pay for .
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC 's .
This is the first Apple product that I have purchased .
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down .
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design .
It is held in place magnetically .
After paying several hundred dollars for this service , it is frustrating that you can not get help after hours .
It 's fun to take to a bookstore , sit in the coffee shop area , sign in to WiFi and look up book reviews of books I might buy .
We were occasional Mac users before , but most recently owned a budget PC since it is what we could afford .
really no problems with the hand me down computers I received from my children .
Additionally , there is barely a ventilation system in the computer , and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot , and in fact impossible to keep on lap .
I love the solid machined aluminum frame , and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I 've used .
Great battery , speed , display .
Why not 5 stars ?
It pretty much does everything we could ever need , and looks great to boot .
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off .
Speakers do n't get that loud , but good enough .
The only pro to this computer is it was under $ 600 !
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos .
Startup in about 30 seconds , shutdown in 2-4 seconds , resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds .
I upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop .
This was a gift for my grand son .
I would buy this lap top over and over again !
Its fast , has High definition quality in the videos .
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer , so I had to remove it .
I 'm pleased .
Price and purpose is awesome !
The gray color was a good choice .
I had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was .
I was so excited to receive the Toshiba L455 as a gift/bonus for some work I had done for a friend of mine !
If anything , I would only suggest using one of these laptops if only you have to .
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought .
It 's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses .
- they lost my laptop for a month
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions .
The few things that are wrong with it are very minor things .
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way to slow .
the mouse is way way way to sensitve .
I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables ( which is my purpose of writing this con ) as variables could be a bigger future problem .
I love how easy every thing is to do on my Apple products .
I was so excited to get this in the mail i nearly gave myself a heart attack .
There is NO way I will buy a LG product in the future .
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini .
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it .
Also , in using the built-in camera , my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the " Star Wars " saga .
Be sure to have good air flow where ever you put it .
I fine Apple MC373LL/A 2.66 GHz 15 " Macboook Pro Notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go .
I have owned many computers and laptops .
Called tech support and got the usual Acer " We do n't support software but for $ $ $ we can help you " I explained there was no software involved in booting .
I love the multi-touch trackpad .
The Macbook pro 's physical form is wonderful .
This flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else Apple got right with the Mini .
Not enough time for me to give it 5 stars !
The battery is not as shown in the product photos .
So this review might be a tad bit bias .
They definitely have a superior product !
Enough said .
Note , however , that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection .
Great OS , fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port .
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7 .
My wife also has problems with her Asus - different model .
I am just amazed .
It is super easy to use .
They claim call center is still down .
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : screen size is not something I 'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week .
This mac is great !
Ive owned Apple computers and laptops for as long as i could remember .
Pretty disappointed about this product .
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual .
This mac has been a problem since we got it .
Frustrated I hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time .
I shipped out on Saturday , July 17 .
They also use two totally different operating systems .
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro , the monitor has completely died .
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one .
I get a ton of compliments on its size , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you 're restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
In desparation , I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ( " have your credit card ready " ) .
The only thing is that the battery wo n't last more than 1/2 an hour .
Besides , the apple stocks have been falling due to lack of sales .
I do not know for sure .
I ordered through MacMall , which saved me the sales tax I would have incurred buying locally .
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made .
The troubleshooting said it was the AC adaptor so we ordered a new one .
The first time it crashed was maybe going on a year and a half of having it .
Windows 7 Starter is terrific ( no you ca n't change the background ) but I do n't need to , I use it just for school work .
I bought this laptop on Saturday and am completely in love with it !
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine ;
Accordingly , I have decided to NEVER purchase another HP product ( my five year old Compaq ) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed .
Remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product .
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm .
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus .
It was very easy to just pick up and use -- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS .
Be safe buy a Sony .
This machine rocks !
The cons are more annoyances that can be lived with .
The notebook would not turn back on again .
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life .
It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class .
I looked at the computer and it said updating but the asked for a product key .
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program .
Also , if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft , there is a charge , which I believe is robbery , since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system , which most people would have went with XP if they could .
There are differences that you need to know and take time to learn .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it 's a snap .
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation .
Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports .
been a PC user for many , many years .
Went silently .
It 's great and we will always stick with Apple computers , we have been so happy with them .
This ai n't it .
10 hours of battery life is really something else ....
With today 's company fighting over marketshare , its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone .
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion .
This just keeps having it 's hard drive replaced !
it has had some problems .
The wheel that turns the volume up and down does n't work in real time .
I also purchased Office Max 's " Max Assurance " with the " no lemon " clause .
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced itThe WiFi is very weak .
I would recomend this acer to parents and grandparents it can really help them in school .
I wiped nearly everything off of it , installed OpenOffice and Firefox , and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
Next , most Acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop .
They ended up keeping my computer for almost 3 months !
It bluescreened on me without any warning , running simply basic Chrome .
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly .
I think that they are the best out on the market .
This device has met my expectations and I 'm sure it will meet yours .
The repairs were made quickly though I must say , however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me .
but other then that I would give this product a 4 in hafe stars .
Compared to similarly spec 'd PCs , this machine is good value , well built and works easily right out of the box .
It 's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with .
Guess I 'll stay away from HP .
It easily fits into most computer bags but does n't weigh down a backpack or satchel when being carried with spirals and/or textbooks .
I especially like the backlit keyboard .
Screen is a bit glossy , but that 's not too bad .
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time !
If you really want a bang-up system and do n't need to run Windows applications , go with an Apple ;
I think this ps was manufactured in the mid 90 's .
EITHER WAY , THE KEYBOARD IS UNSATISFACTORY .
The battery gets so HOT it is scary .
It can not save the correct date and time I set .
Best commuter I have ever owned .
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon .
Despite the claims of the Apple apologists ( a vice of which I am recently myself reformed ) the internals of Mac laptops are NO different from PCs ' at this point .
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system ca n't be used with the iBook .
the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously RIGHT after i bought this one .
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos .
Trying to balance all of my roles leaves very little time for me to do anything , so I want to manage my time I do have to be the most efficient .
I bought this MacBook Pro to replace my six-year-old PC ( a Sony Vaio ) , but it was basically no better than my old PC , so I returned it .
You will fall in love with it in no time .
I got tired of buying laptops and having them stop working after a year .
Not a bad laptop , it 's a bit slow , but gets the job done .
I love windows 7 but i ca n't give Toshiba any credit for that , unless y' all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
It s heavy for Mac book but is good .
It was a laugh too !
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it 's speed .
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction .
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed .
The 17 inch screen is very large , but the computer is very light .
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard , plenty of ports .
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $ 400 old HP laptop .
super fast processor and really nice graphics card . .
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again .
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
The only bad part is the size/weight .
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly .
Other Thoughts : I love newegg , I recommend them to the world however this is just unacceptable .
So , I 'm cooled on Mac buys .
This was an update from an early MacBook Pro .
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
My ONLY issues are : 1 ) the screen/video resolution wo n't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
Our Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer ( Z0J80001 ) Notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking .
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs , you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time .
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard , so did my wife , and it looks like I will have to as well .
I took the computer back in yet again except this time they kept it to send into their Geek Squad headquarters .
If a website ever freezes ( which is rare ) , its really easy to force quit .
I had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair .
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included !
Yes , the computer was light weight , less expensive than the average laptop , and was pretty self explantory in use .
But we had paid for bluetooth , and there was none .
Just what the doctor ordered .
Both computers started acting extremely slow within the first year of owning them .
Small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel .
I have owned at least 4 to 5 laptops and computers - but this is by far the most superior machine I have ever owned .
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault .
Just a bunch of idiots who 's English as a 5th language is forced at best .
Within 3 weeks the same issues started happening AGAIN .
Screen , keyboard , and mouse : If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
I paid about the same for my Toshiba as I did for the compaq a few years back .
In the shop , these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it , get it home , break the seal and use it ( very clever con ) .
The macbook pro is really responsive .
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs .
I own a Hewlett Packard laptop and I 've had man problems with it since I bought in in Feb , 201
There is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark .
Could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out .
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas .
Could n't keep a page up you were working on !
Screen is awesome , battery life is good .
I was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure .
It lasted for many years of travel , kids and abuse and if I fired it up today , it would work .
The settings are not user-friendly either .
I bought this laptop for my son in 2007 for his Christmas present .
Further , this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface ( courtesy of the Mac OS ) and the range is poor .
Best Buy Rocks !
You wo n't be disappointed .
The only solution is to turn the brightness down , etc .
Runs real quick .
A great college tool !
My friends or children use that when they need to borrow the Net =) When I out grow this Meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one ANd I will be buying only TOSHIBA !
this is my second one and the same problem , bad video card unreliable overall , this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy .
The rep did not even answer my question , I had to ask him , if he understood what I ask or if he spoke english because he did n't even try to acknowledge my question .
Customization on mac is impossible .
I love my Apple , it is quick and easy to use .
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it 's very noticeable .
The audio volume is quite low and virtually unusable in a room with any background activity .
Satisfy what I paid for it .
Do not buy it !
Asus facial recognition does n't work and windows logon is n't either .
It is easy to use , good quality and good price .
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes .
It 's solid .
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but wo n't stay connected .
That 's quite a bump up from the $ 599 that this little guy sells for , which leaves me to my next point .
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 ( with harman/kardon speakers ! ) in December of 2005 .
I have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months !
It is much better than the Acer ultrabook I had before .
Not a scratch or mark on it .
I 'm honestly afraid that it will burn me , it 's that hot !
Not too much " junk " software to remove .
Out of the box I noticed how small it was and was exactly what I was looking for .
But the quality , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
Of course , for a student , weight is always an issue .
This is an over-sized , 18-inch laptop .
I really wanted a Mac over a pc because I used a Mac in high school .
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard .
This laptop is a great buy .
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I 'm taking this year in college : - )
he ca n't stand it .
The latest is on my LG Netbook X12
When I took it back to Best Buy I asked them if they were seriously trying to drive me insane !
12.44 seconds to boot .
I just bought this laptop 3 days ago .
You will regret it if you buy any dell .
If you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up .
And I 'm still paying the bloody financing , for a product which did n't last me at least three years !
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac , which saves me a lot of time and money .
BAck she goes !
Replaced this one with my mac that was stolen , its a great computer .
It has all the expected features and more + plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard .
So glad I have gone this route !!
I like the brightness and adjustments .
Great product .
return it .
Now I know !
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one .
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site .
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
Shiny This Laptop is the Best of the best !
The battery lasts as advertised ( give or take 15-20 minutes ) , and the entire user experience is very elegant .
I was waiting for this model to be released since January , and have been holding off on buying a Macbook Pro until the new model came out .
i can use it for all of my needs .
Now the screen is going darker , darker , darker .
I will never go back to Windows !
They are so realistic I am just speechless .
1 ) Payed $ 2200 for a " premium " laptop
its by far faster and more stable then my PC .
If your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find drivers , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
In fact I still use manyLegacy programs ( Appleworks , FileMaker Pro , Quicken , Photoshop etc ) !
I wanted a computer that was quite , fast , and that had overall great performance .
It is very easy to navigate even for a novice .
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done .
Couldnt not use it .
Did n't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop ( same make/model ) .
Dell wanted to charge us for everything everytime I called them with a problem .
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home .
Well , I had completed the presentation in powerpoint the night before on my PC , but took the Apple to the conference .
I finally decided on this one and could n't be any happier .
I previously purchased a 13 " macbook ( had pro specs and was aluminum style ) which had a nvidia 9800 ( If I am not mistaken ) and it had major heating issues .
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours .
and the speakers is the worst ever .
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable , easy to use computer .
the latest version does not have a disc drive .
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection .
I 'm glad I made the choice to switch and buy this MAC .
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard .
I love this laptop , and use it everyday to do something , and never lets me down .
Being virus-resistant is a huge plus .
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point .
It does run a little warm but that is a negligible concern .
I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty , so I got a new one and some other fixes they found .
It took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that I owned the warranty .
Other ports include FireWire 800 , Gigabit Ethernet , MagSafe port , Microphone jack .
SO ? HOW CAN YOU SOLVE IT ? C'mon , I just bought the netbook 2 weeks ago .
Most of my papers could not be saved and when they could be , half the time , the papers were then erased .
At first it 's like you 're in that honeymoon stage with your laptop .
The " Time remaining " goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes .
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers .
I love this computer .
It 's fast at loading the internet .
It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit .
This computer does everything i need it to do for school and more .
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card .
My laptop is so light that I can take it with me anywhere .
I would definitely not go back to using a PC after using the mac .
Still trying to learn how to use it .
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent .
She tells me about it all the time but I tend to shut off all cognitive functions when she gets that yapper going .
I got what I paid for .
My one complaint with this laptop is that I 've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in .
Images are crisp and clean .
No luck , although I waited for hours on the phone-Visited MacHouse , they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls ( difficult to believe ) .
There were no scratches or dents or any marks at all .
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back , , , , , eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later .
Look up recipes and keep it on the kitchen counter while I cook .
I 've always used PC 's for work home and this is my first experience with a Mac .
:) Great product , great price , great delivery , and great service .
Crisp screen , great battery life , and plenty of storage .
I dislike the weight and size , cubersome .
I already have a HP laptop I bought last year that 's standard size .
It quit working within a weeks time .
At first when I got this product , I loved it .
This is something i would deffinately reccomend to someone .
Keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel .
the laptop preformed pretty well .
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box .
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I do n't really think that is what this computer is designed for .
Runs smooth and quick .
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003 .
No HDMI port .
The AC power port becomes loose over time
It had a seventeen inch screen which I wanted , but I did n't realize at the time it would be such a monster !
We have had numerous problems with Vista , such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
I now own another Hewlitt Packard .
You just lose a customer .
If you are a person like me , more on the creative side , the mac has something for you too .
Summary : Spend your money elsewhere
It was just one problem after another for me , and that 's reason we had forked out so much money was so we would n't have anything to worry about .
I use it now more than I even thought I would .
More likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution .
I previously owned an HP desktop and a Dell laptop .
I 'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same .
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children .
The battery life is excellent , the display is excellent , and downloading apps is a breeze .
It 's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable !
It took me a while top get away from the land of PCs , but now that I have , I ca n't see myself going back to it .
This is basically the best laptop I have ever had or used .
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied .
I was so excited when my dad said i could get a new laptop for my birthday .
The specs are pretty good too .
This Macbook Pro is fast , powerful , and runs super quiet and cool .
Also the speakers are not very loud , But it is a netbook .
I bought this laptop so that the entire family had a computer in the living room ;
But I needed a laptop for school use .
*** The review below is no longer relevant , Apple has fixed the issue .
Do n't waste their money , save it and but a mac .
Maybe not the cutting edge ( Satellite L455D ) but it is a workhorse .
We 'll save our money to replace it with a Mac again !
That is how it is able to function better than any other PC .
Sorry , newegg .
My next laptop will also be a Mac !
I 'm hoping that I can find a really quick way to clean it without it getting too gross .
) only to get another " HP/Compaq " piece of crap .
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop .
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones .
Even doing so , the hinge may just be slightly tightened only .
Laptop is advertised as a 15 " but the casing looks like that of a 17 " .
If you ask me , for this price it should be included .
Sure hope Best Buy will replace it asap .
And it did n't show up on the reciept , I do n't know how we ordered it online !
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD 'd during that time !
Other than that I do n't have one complaint in the world !
Having a Mac certainly makes life easier .
I bought this laptop the moment unibody product came to the market .
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose .
Of course , I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork , GarageBand , and iMovie .
I found the mini to be : Exceptionally easy to set up
Although I opted for the lowest end MacBook Pro , this thing holds its own .
Time will tell .
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable .
No , tey do n't even support their own bios and it " could be a problem with the bios " How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity ??!!
- I propose that they can just swap the hard drives .
I can not be happier with the service or product .
Waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
That system is fixed .
But my blog is read by my friends and search engine visitors .
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side , In the way of operating a mouse in small area .
I found it toughest to decide between Dell ultra books and Apple .
Let me start off by saying that I was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop .
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use .
Would buy 100 more of these if I could .
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty , able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown .
We do n't Mind and You do n't Matter .
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one .
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand .
I have no idea how to burn cd 's or to use the web cam , just for starters .
At least those computers did n't just die on me like this one .
Peformance is good for the price .
I needed a new computer for graduate school ( had never owned a laptop before ) , and the only reason I did n't purchase a Mac was because my school 's website strongly recommended students purchase PCs .
It was a Waste of money from day one !
Very nice unibody construction .
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time .
So far , so good !
Just What I Needed For Portable And My Wallet Too !
Fits all my personal needs .
I burned my leg , after lifting it from my desk , and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table , so I can place it there .
Never any doubt I would get a MacBook , just was n't sure which one .
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing , email checking , word processing , and watching a movie or two , this is the machine you want .
Nice screen , keyboard works great !
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you do n't matter .
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have wo n't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it .
I have never had an experience like this .
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming , as I have a desktop rig for that reason .
It is robust , with a friendly use as all Apple products .
I have n't tried the one with retina display ... Maybe in the future .
It has many great programs , such as ILife , iPhotos and others .
They are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with .
If you could stretch by a few 100 dollars I highly recommend you should replace your Windows laptop with this one .
It 's just what we were looking for and it works great .
I told them that I just received my brand new MacBook but I was having issues .
I called Toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem .
This machine delivers .
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad .
This is the first time for me to use a Mac and I 'm really happy with the move .
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts , and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working ( this was a rock star 7 years ago ) .
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance .
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions !
He came into my house , fiddled around on the computer for a good forty minutes and got ready to leave before it was even done doing what he was doing to it .
I would definitely suggest this laptop !
The keyboard is too slick .
* = Webcam is a bit laggy , not the greatest .
I bought this Macbook Pro from Best Buy under a year ago to replace my old Macbook Air .
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers .
That defeated the whole point of a laptop .
Additional caveat : the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user 's liking .
Two , owning a 17 in.mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone .
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage ( keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in ) , buttons not working and USB ports inoperative .
Most everything is fine with this machine : speed , capacity , build .
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it 's very lightweight , and the response for the computing she 's doing ( Internet focused activity : mail , research , etc. ) is excellent ;
The display is awesome .
The battery has never worked well .
The speakers on it are useless too .
2nd Mac book I have purchased from MacConnection .
The 13 " Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product .
The Apple MC371LL/A 2.4 Ghz 15.4-inch MacBook Pro Notebook is a horrible waste of money .
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly .
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space ( 500GB instead of 320GB ) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk .
The computer runs extremely slowly , whether opening Word or My Computer .
Runs like a champ .....
They discovered the manufacturer 's defect and sent it in for repair .
I was very excited because this was my first personal computer and I was purchasing it with my OWN money I had recieved from graduation presents .
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed .
One more thing , this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC 's , also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables .
Nothing wrong with this computer at all !
It 's wonderful for computer gaming .
The design is awesome , quality is unprecedented .
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz .
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out .
This machine is flawless , fast , and classy .
not the day received .
I feel that it was poorly put together , because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it .
The games included are very good games .
The OS is great .
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
It is always reliable , never bugged and responds well .
Its everything mac offers .
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly .
i love to use it it is esay and light .
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were .
It has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on .
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results .
This laptop does everything I need it to very well .
ca n't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers .
My life has been enriched since I have been using Apple products .
I love the way the entire suite of software works together .
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good .
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run .
I tried out another Mac for a few months before buying this one and it is a great machine .
* 3 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Visited MacHouse Amsterdam .
i had the bulk of problems with my lap top within the first six months .
Not to mention it has shit gigs .
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks .
I hope this review helps .
I 've had this laptop for about a month now .
Chatting with Acer support , I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files .
It 's also very energy efficient , running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 Watt lightbulb .
compresses itself and you ca n't use it .
The reaction of Toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter .
Only a few days after I received the computer back , the screen froze again .
The OS is easy , and offers all kinds of surprises .
So I got another netbook which I love !
It was a great laptop , ran great and was really fast .
But while this is one big advantage ( as you may know from the company s recent commercials ) there are other things to consider before going with Apple .
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up .
I Contacted HP about this situation and was given excuses , without results .
Quick and has built in virus control .
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems .
Microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems .
I have used a couple of others on the job as well .
VERY disappointing :
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase !
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
My MacBook Pro is no exception .
The extended warranty for the $ 4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu .
My wife was so excited to open the box , but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should .
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that .
It could n't have been a better decision .
The screen takes some getting use to , because it is smaller than the laptop .
The MacBook Pro is a great product which can meet the needs of the average consumer .
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me .
Luckily , for all of us contemplating the decision , the Mac Mini is priced just right .
After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace .
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it ( iPhoto , iMovie , iWeb , iTunes , GarageBand ) is all very helpful as well .
I was a little worry at first because I do n't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows .
I use that alot on my desktop , so I am adjusting to not having it .
I like the operating system .
The computer would not ever cut back on .
Overall it 's an amazing product , 5 stars !
I bought this laptop and found its TAB is not functioning .
I found this laptop on sale for under 6000 at Best Buy which was a great deal !
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better .
the screen brightness automatically adjusts .
Speaking of the browser , it too has problems .
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops , but the ease of use , security , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
Thus , when you carry it at a slanted angle , the screen will " topple " or " slide " down , if you understand what I mean .
I believe with Apple - you get what you pay for .
It seems to have some opions that are intalled but do not work like I thought they would .
I spoke to 4 different people and was told they needed to transfer me to a 5th person !
It just works flawlessly !
So glad I decided to upgrade !
Mom , Dad , Brother , sister , You name it !
If you have the money I suggest going for the i7 .
When the buyer returned it Wal Mart just boxed it , taped it shut resold it as new .
however , they were kind enough to send a replacement free of charge .
Mac is not made for gaming .
Oh , it is such a great piece of equipment .
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure is n't reflected in the retail price .
They were able to set-up with labtops themselves within a few minutes .
Many people complain about the new OS , and it 's urgent for Apple to fix it asap !
I finally pulled the trigger and I am blown away by how much more I enjoy my computer tasks using the Mac Mini !!!
It is meant to be PORTABLE .
I will not be using that slot again .
I had to call Apple 19 times ( each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone ) , and take it to their store for evaluations , and diagnostics , 5 times .
The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac .
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications .
Do not purchase this laptop .
I got it for Christmas , and I was so excited to set it up !
It is the best laptop ever !!!
They have more problems then a 1980 's computer .
If you are looking for something reliable , this is the laptop for you .
First things first , Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier , unlike the windows computers .
So not having my laptop was discouraging .
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
The performance is definitely superior to any computer I 've ever put my hands on .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook ?
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts ...
That being said , it still runs video in full screen decently .
The price is higher than most lab top out there ; however , he/she will get what they paid for , which is a great computer .
it 's exactly what i wanted , and it has all the new features and whatnot .
But with A WAY Bigger Screen , and IS able to connect to an HDMI .
I contacted Acer and they are giving me FREE recovery DVDs , so do n't go and pay for them , just ask for them and they should give them to you .
Sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size .
But I do n't see it as a problem .
So I called Compaq , and after being on the phone for 3 hours , i finally got a replacement which I should n't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty .
If you have to ask you do n't own a Mac and your just not in the know .
Toshiba is a great brand , even though I have n't had it for a long time , I am very happy with it !
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch .
The screen is huge and coloful , but no LED backlighting .
I think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and I need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed .
and finally i realized that mac is the best .
WiFi capability , disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required .
It is easy to use and lightweight .
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great .
The sound is nice and loud ; I do n't have any problems with hearing anything .
But you must get the 15 inch .
There are so many things wrong with this product , it just makes me want to set my self on fire !
They replaced it and so far so good .
I 'll wait and save up for a new one .
I am going to college next year and I needed a cheaper , quality computer for the goals I am trying to pursue .
Supplied software : The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with .
I hate it .
As an owner of a Toshiba Satalite laptop computer things you should know before you buy .
All was well .
After paying over $ 1000 for this computer , it was not worth it .
The Mini 's body has n't changed since late 2010 - and for a good reason .
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move .
Also is portable and reliable .
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle .
I would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one .
If it 's not shipped on the next business day , called on a Friday they are closed on weekends , what was the next step .
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well .
I purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email .
So you do n't get frustrated the first few weeks .
They need to stop outsoucing and send some complaint calls to US based customer service agents for those who live in the United states .
Great , quick laptop for the money .
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen .
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive .
Kind of annoying , but I still love the laptop .
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it .
You 'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them .
Loaded with bloatware .
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again , everything from programs and drivers failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
But the mountain lion is just too slow .
I am not happy with my purchase
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional , Windows 7 Home Premium , Windows Server Enterprise 2003 , and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise .
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks , and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them .
The sound as mentioned earlier is n't the best , but it can be solved with headphones .
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company .
I could have purchased a cheap computer to do what I 'm doing now !
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great ( I even put it to the test by accident ) - excellent innovation !
So I 'd pop them off to see what the problem was , well guess what ? The darn thing would n't go back on .
its not bad just VERY VERY annoying .
Looking online , many people are having the same problem .
Also stunning colors and speedy
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer .
I was amazed at how fast the delivery was .
u can do what u want in just few seconds , even to start up your computer takes few seconds .
Does everything I need it to , has a wonderful battery life and I could n't be happier .
Its a dog plain and simple .
This machine is A-mazing .
My Iphone synced right up just like a person would expect , unlike the PCs in our lives .
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me .
Even out of warranty !
Two of the times was in one month .
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac !
I had a MacBook Notebook , and it had absolutely no protection from viruses , spyware , malware , etc .
It works fine , and all the software seems to run pretty well .
Second , it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated
When it broke I wanted another Acer and chose the V5 .
During that time , I had to send it back 3 times .
I believe this is because I was more active than the average user , meaning I average about three " tabs " .
The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key .
Their products , including the MBP , are beautiful , sleek and clever .
Otherwise , all other features are a 1
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs , when they are available since I asked .
You wo n't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet .
Apple care included .
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
Fast , fast and fast , the web pages just fly by .
I had to pay for the shipping !
I run Dreamweaver , Final Cut Pro 7 , Photoshop , Safari , Firefox , MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
Nothing about it that i do n't love , apple always makes a great product .
It is short on space , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted ' .
Small and still VERY powerful .
I ca n't honestly say I was heartbroken .
Where you click and hold and drag it picture , link , etc to where you want it .
I am also upset with CR for giving a good rating .
The second issue I had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating , even if on for less than an hour !
You may need to special order a bag .
Right out of the box , this little netbook did everything I asked of it , including streaming the everyday video you 're bound to encounter checking mail and websites ( my biggest complaint previously ) .
I do n't like this company nor the toshiba brand , and I 'll never buy another one because I 've put more into it then it is worth .
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it 's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing .
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking .
Mine came at $ 1,700 w/o a DVD burner ( ! ) .
After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue .
My only disappointment with the 13 " model is that they 're the only ones in the MacBook Pro line up without an i5 or i7 processor and dual graphics cards , however the trade-off is that you achieve a longer battery life ( of about 2 more hours ) .
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product .
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat .
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started .
The ease of use is wonderful .
The newer MacBook that I have purchased is one of the best computers .
TOSHIBA WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THIS PROBLEM .
I could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage .
i had to return it for a replacement .
I will NEVER buy ( Refurbished ) again , I do n't cae how cheap it is .
I 've had hp desktop for over 4 yrs now and not one days goes by that i do n't regret buying it .
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS .
It is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced features .
The battery life is amazing , the versitility is outstanding .
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid .
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use , although very different than Win XP , Visa or Win7 .
This little netboook is helping me get work done !
It has everything you need to get the job done .
Do your research on this issue .
But , like I said before , the only reason I do n't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey .
The battery is really long .
There is nothing to complain about the system .
Fast , great visual !
But not in this case .
I 'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer .
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini .
- Complied to their protocol , called number , made " case " , got an email address to send complaint .
In my opinion it was not as user friendly as I expected either .
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good .
I love it and would recommend it to everyone who is tired of the constant attention PC 's require .
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it .
Exactly that , users .
It has a overheating issue - nearly to the point of being dangerous .
Bottom line , if you can afford it , get a Mac !
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good , working well so far .
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple - be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar - can not be beat .
What angers me more than anything else is that I spent all those years hating MACs when I could have been getting a lot more production with a whole lot less grief !
I spent months looking for a good laptop for me and I finally found it !
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too !
Very happy with my purchase .
No machine has come remotely close to causing as many problems .
Its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop .
They are closed at 9pm eastern .
His was worth $ 36 .
I really like the Mac 15.4 in . Notebook , but its very pricey .
The flaws are , this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
It is easy to use , has great screen quality , and every so light weight .
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing .
However I dealt with this problem for over a year and it was more of a hastle then I have EVER had with anything .
Was n't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different .
Finally decided to try a MAC because there were too many choices of which PC 's to buy and EVERYONE who had a MAC said " buy a MAC " .
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely .
I had meant to purchase the NB205 and bought this one by accident ( long story ) .
It is easily portable and I take it everywhere I go and might require internet access .
After 5 months of failed repairs , requested a full refund but was refused and it still is not repaired and Acer is indifferent to the issue .
It is light and the battery last a very long time .
I waited and waited and no laptop .
If this would be your first Mac purchase then I would highly suggest that you take advantage of the class that they offer to learn about the differences between Mac and PC 's .
" > iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with : easy and convenient .
You better believe my next computer will be a MAC !
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame .
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself , with help of friends , and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it .
Even so , I like playing online games , so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows .
I do n't really have a complaint .
The criticism has waned , and now I 'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing .
for two months , when YOU GUESSED IT .
It was returned on the third day I owned it .
I might have read it incorrectly , but better safe than sorry right ?
cosmetically , the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top .
It still works and it 's extremely user friendly , so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
One of the wonderful things about Macs is that they are virus free .
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the horse races .
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection , or the page ca n't be displayed .
You can call HP and they want you to buy more software to fix it .
But I was completely wrong , this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use .
A little pricey but it is well , well worth it .
I think this computer is super lame .
" For one , I noticed that from turning on my mac to logging on only took about 25 seconds .
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC .
Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is , I never expected to have an application crash within the first month , but I did .
Sure , the initial out of pocket expense is greater , but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet , and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs , it probably comes out about even anyhow .
I 've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks , and it really is a great computer .
It started out getting hot after only a few months .
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate , and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader ( software ) would not load .
I should have bought one a long time ago .
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen , hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd 's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork .
) I also purchased Applecare for $ 300 , which is a three year extended warranty , since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two .
But when I received my replacement , I made BOTH recovery DVDs ( 4 ) , and a driver/application DVD .
For those that care about noise this thing does n't really make any ;
Its perfect , not much heavy .
When calling Dell for help , reurn , or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it .
Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside .
I ca n't even remember how I finally got it taken care of , but I was done with Sony after that !
All of them were Windows machines .
I loved it .
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what ? They fixed it , no cost out of pocket .
Very small and portable I 've had this netbook about 12 hrs now and It 's better than expected .
I work on a PC at home and have used Pc all through college .
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box .
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me , I only had a problem once or twice with it , But probably my computer was a bit defective .
I also liked the glass screen .
The programs are great , like iphoto ( love the editing capabilities ) , imail ( which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad ) , imovie , etc .
I love the Apple products .
In my line of work , I often have to take work home , and this makes it so easy .
I 'm stuck w / a broken computer .
I also got the added bonus of a 30 " HD Monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
I have had a Mac for 6 years and wo n't go back to PC .
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook , does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses .
now he mows yards so he can earn the money for the wireless internet .
It is easy to use , fast and has great graphics for the money .
Garageband is more for the musicians , and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone , good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level .
company provides UPS shipping , fast , great !
Quality Display I love HP , , it 's the only computer/printer we will buy .
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me ( even after installing new browsers ) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it .
It feels cheap , the keyboard is not very sensitive .
So far so good with this laptop .
I 'm so disgusted that I wasted my money on this product .
After doing extensive research , macconnection had the lowest price on the 15 " MBP i5 .
They basically told me that the machine would be problem free now .
luckly i had a student task force able to help , or else it would have crashed within the first year .
I 'm going back to DELL .
Set up was a breeze .
It would take up too much time to do reaearch for my papers and I would be up hours-just because the computer was too slow .
believe me apple has a reputation .
For me , keys were starting to get stuck and would n't type very well .
It runs perfectly .
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display .
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed ( except for speaker grill ) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all .
Buy the Mac Mini it 's a terribly great machine .
the mouse on the pad , the left button always sticks .
There is nothing better .
they will not let you down .
There are a few flaws as well that I noticed .
However , a NETBOOK will be a different story .
The computer itself was fast , ran smoothly , and had no problems .
I 'm pretty sure it 's not newegg 's fault but when you turn on a computer you just bought you want it to at least get to desktop .
It had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it .
It is the perfect size and speed for me .
I always swore by PCs and would never consider a MAC .
Amazing machine .
I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY COLLEGE AGE GRANDCHILDREN AND THESE MACS ARE TOTALLY RELIABLE AND SUPPORT THEIR CLASS WORK 100 % OF THE TIME .
was debating to buy one for months , checked out different stuff on youtube , and read different articles and debates , I just didnt really wan na spend the money but Im glad that I did .
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it , however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however , due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink .
The Macbook Pro is the premier choice for college students .
Perfect -- thanks so .
tosiba has a good reputation , my llast computer was an acer .
This thing sucks !
I never had this kind of quality issue with Dell ( not to say Dell is that great ) , not with a brand new laptop .
This is my 3rd Apple Laptop and first MacBook Pro .
But for those of you that dont have a mac and are still on the PC 's this is a good foot in the door into mac .
2 ) Blue screen first month
HUGE Apple MAC Fan !
Every single one we 've gotten we 've had problems with .
Not super light but still a good one .
The processor went on me , the fan went and the motherboard went .
Congratulations Asus for creating one big piece of dump which is my laptop .
I will be patient for few months .
I have used different laptops in the past and I have to rate this one way above the rest .
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at , I think there 's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs .
All you get is a box and a computer .
Overall the computer is very easy to use , the screen is perfect , great computer , my daughter loves .
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly !
In short I would never buy a Compaq again .
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel , sound quality , etc .
This was my first MacBook purchase ever .
It really is perfect for work and play .
In fact , he said , about 10 % of their products fail .
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever .
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design .
In those three years , I 've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily .
But , for the cost this is a winner .
It is extremely user friendly and intuitive .
This is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old .
I am pleased with the fast log on , speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life ( > 6 hrs ) .
Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go .
I could n't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge .
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSE N'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
Well i got this computer from Best Buy and I have had nothing but problems I bought the computer with a virus .....
I was given a Mac as a birthday present and could n't be happier with it 3 years later .
I was n't really as concerned about portability ( it 's a very large laptop ) but it 's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise .
I do n't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it 's perfect for me .
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines .
and if u did .
Prior to this computer , I owned a PowerBook G4 for 6 years ( quite a long time for a laptop ) .
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop .
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba .
" Then I proceed to tell her that I checked out other retail stores that carry the netbook and it was n't LIKE THAT .
I received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst .
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac !
I purchased two laptops ( for my husband and 16 year old daughter ) .
But until now , no complains at all .
It 's so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
I consider myself an average user and this computer serves my need .
I can not even imaging going back to a PC after using this wonderful computer .
Anyone who is considering buying an Acer computer of any sort , I seriously suggest you look into buying a different brand .
So a couple of years later , I was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet .
Needless to say , the leap from that to this has been amazing and ( aside from the financial reasons ) I am astounded that I had n't made the switch sooner .
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor .
I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
I have always wanted a MacBook Pro ..... always !
/ awesome cooling system / much better grafics card ( ATI 5870 ) / 8GB RAM / LED backlit screen ...
Gave phonenumber .
CONS : Price is a bit ridiculous , kinda heavy .
That seemed to solve the problem , till I wrote an article with semicolons in it .
It looks and feels solid , with a flawless finish .
at first !
BTW , I checked online regarding the old laptop that ' died ' and found that I was not alone , far from it .
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in .
And this is n't just my one experine .
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life , lack of a webcam , its great .
Thank you for your great product !
I bought it to use in college and it is perfect .
He gave me this PC about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it .
It is SO much fun to play with .
However , I love this particular Mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
I go to purchase it on line , and I find out that the device will not be available until almost two months later !
But after using it a couple of weeks , the overall operation is poor .
Actually , I think I was intimidated by the change from a PC .
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice ;
Now the machine wo n't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I 'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook .
First of all , they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I 'd paid almost $ 400 for , and I had to call in , spend hours on their online chat service , and fax in multiple documents .
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price .
We did not even have it a year .
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations .
I saw the Mini Mac at Best Buy and decided to get this as my replacement .
The keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops I have had in the past .
I would say that 85 % of the design industry is Mac for good reason .
You will need them if you want to reload the OS ( I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal ) .
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but I like the big screen on it .
The OS is fast and fluid , everything is organized and it 's just beautiful .
Instead , I 'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy .
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter , thru Windows 7 Home Premium , to Windows 7 Professional was a snap ;
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC 's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to , but overall it 's worth it !
A * big * upgrade from my 13 " 2006 macbook .
With the macbook pro it comes with freesecuritysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails .
This time the mouse pad and right click key would n't work !
But I am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it .
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they do n't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys .
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely can not be without .
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to Microsoft Office ) .
I take it everywhere with me because it 's so easy to carry .
The program came with the computer and works beautifully .
You may just lose 1 customer for now .
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced .
Second HDD cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one .
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
working with Mac is so much easier , so many cool features .
Does everything I wanted this laptop to do .
Deal of the year .
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere , but still has a big enough screen to get everything done .
iTunes is a handy music-management program , and it is essential for anyone with an iPod .
Much of which HP ended up paying for .
It makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier .
it is really expensive though .
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
The Mac Mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there .
I 'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple .
MACS ARE AMAZING !!!
I 'm no regular customer I hate wasting my time with hellos and how can I help you 's .
Like the price and operation .
The screen shows great colors .
This laptop is the most amazing little peice of machinery I have owned outside of the Iphone .
The internet speed is spectacular .
I am a college student and it has been very useful .
This is a great value for the money .
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile .
I 'm glad it waited , this one is great .
of course my warranty runs out next month .
All in all , a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service .
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it !
It 's so bad that I 'm thinking I only got half a battery or something .
I LOVE IT !
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it .
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible .
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT .
It 's more expensive but well worth it in the long run .
The feature are good enough for what I need .
They offer the best warranty in the business , and do n't 3rd party it out like Toshiba .
So , if you 're thinking of a laptop , I would heartily recommend theApple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer ( Z0J80001 ) Notebook for all your needs !
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive .
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great : )
I bought this laptop Was the worst Laptop I 've ever bought .
Very annoying .
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I ca n't play it because its not compatable with the software .
I stayed up half the night enjoying my new MacBook Pro .
previous laptops were pc 's , still have them , but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system .
The newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick , but it is still a great notebook !
It is also fast as can be ... you get what you pay for ... well worth the investment
I want the portability of a tablet , without the limitations of a tablet and that 's where this laptop comes into play .
My computer froze on several occasion , had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all .
So I called customer support ( which is good too ) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all , I just chose to hide the message .
I had my PC laptop for 3 years and going to a MacBook Pro is like I leaped through time .
It was so exciting for me to unwrapp my new mac .
It 's slow and one day i hope to have the money to get rid of it and buy something else .
I will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
but in resume this computer rocks !
Sadly Apple has discontinued this MacBook , I think it was never super popular since it fell somewhere in between the cheapest white model and the smaller Pros .
After 2 months of complaints , Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies .
If someone called me an Apple Fanboy ... it would make sense .
I love the keyboard .
Those moments in thime where you want to throw something against the wall ? Yeah , I wanted to throw that lap top out the window and light it on fire .
The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions .
I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat .
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer .
I 'm very impressed .
Bought this gateway M-50 or 150 early 2007 .
This is what they told me : It heats up , and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops , and simply categorize them as portables .
Then the hard drive failed ;
I feel that enough people have Macs these days and that companies need to start making things more compatable than they used to be .
I have had my MacBook for almost 6 months and can honestly say that I will NEVER buy another computer if it is not a Mac .
I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time .
Ideal for someone on the go or for a high school students .
They 're not safe , they 're not durable , they just a worthless .
I love a " pc " but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system .
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you .
Such as PAGES , NUMBERS , and so on .
This was a significantly more affordable than getting a new MacBook Pro from Apple .
I will not buy another one .
Looked at HP , ASUS , Acer , Sony and a bunch of other ones but could not find I really liked .
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures .
I 've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM .
Ive had to call tech support many times .
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the " human interface .
I am however pleased that it is still hanging in there .
My brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an Apple .
Fan vents to the side , so no cooling pad needed , great feature !
I do n't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio .
The computer is a dream come true .
I would n't play a first-person shooter with this , mind , but if you wanted to run MS Office , email , chat , download a video , listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store , and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in , I 'd highly recommend checking this out .
It is also very lightweight , making transporting this computer very easy .
It is a great computer for that and I have to say I 'm happy I switched .
The image is great , and the soud is excelent .
It runs very quiet too which is a plus .
Windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs .
I have not have any problems .
Solution : it turned out to be pretty simple .
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect , something with the amount of thermal paste .
If you have much higher expectations than that ... I would look elsewhere .
So think about factoring those things in when you purchase .
I have had a black macbook since 2007 .
The 2.9 ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself .
I already own an iPhone , and so the move just made more sense .
It 's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks .
NO STAR FOR THIS TRASH . [ ...
I came from the Dell Laptops and now I am so glad I switched when I needed a new laptop .
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more .
Good for every day computing and web browsing .
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person , I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly .
Yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and longevity .
This computer does n't do that well with certain games it ca n't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games .
Who makes a laptop that ca n't rest on your lap ?
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast , I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point .
It out performs any other laptop on the market today .
ANd I babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke .
I needed something affordable from Apple and was tired of dealing with PC laptop after PC laptop .
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive , but I rather have a hard copy .
I took the laptop home and not even a month later , I began to have problems with it .
My HP is very heavy .
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it .
If you want a little more custom ability , drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more .
From the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer !
In fact , somehow ( and I never opened it up ) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently , behind the front of the screen , in the way of the display .
i love ths notebook .
It 's very annoying .
It was slow , locked up , and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months !
Overall this laptop is great .
Easy learning curve .
It allows you to automatically upload photos to your Facebook account with one click .
I have just had to learn to be a little harder typer than on my last computer .
Each time taking about 1 day or so .
You might think , I am new in this game , but I am a gadget lover , and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years , and none gets this hot , that fast .
I 'm now trying to decide on another Dell model .
it is the worst computer dell ever made .
I 'm not going to lie , I 've never really liked the Acer brand in general .
:] It arrived so fast and customer service was great .
I needed a laptop with big storage , a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem .
1 . You can not change your desktop background ( window 's 7 starter does NOT support that function ) .
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
Bottom line , I doubt you 'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine .
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models .
Searched it on amazon and on bestbuy .
What 's also interesting is this survey changed my ratings the first time I submitted it in case it does n't keep what I put here are my aratings
I 've almost have bought every generation of MacMinis since 2005 , and this one has n't let me down .
Steve Jobs , probably needs help and donations , and can not afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby .
" I 've had it now about 2 months and absolutely LOVE IT .
Applications open in seconds and there are no lags , hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea .
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
I wanted to explore what the Mac was all about .
Boots up fast and runs great !
It 's been time for a new laptop , and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops , and whether to spring for the retina display .
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well .
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel .
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ( " Ivy Bridge " ) , not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has .
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature .
I currently own a Lenovo laptop as well as my new MacBook Pro , and each have their own strengths and weaknesses .
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it .
I saved for this laptop for 3 months and I can tell you personally it was worth the wait .
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
What a waste .
Its worth every Penny .
Besides being elegant , the MacBooks are durable .
Another issue I have with it is the battery .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
I did a lot of research and ended up thinking this Toshiba was the best one for me .
Just a month and a half or two months ago , my VAIO crashed again .
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria .
Took that one home , same thing .
It turned out it 's not really a problem to have a Mac .
I was even able to uninstall McAffe and install one of my Symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever .
