Has a 5-6 hour battery life .
now he mows yards so he can earn the money for the wireless internet .
I was extremely happy with the OS itself .
For the [ $ ] price ( special offer ) this is a great laptop .
u can do what u want in just few seconds , even to start up your computer takes few seconds .
Seems a much more economical way to get into Apple than their other computers .
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance , picture quality , and ease of use .
Startup in about 30 seconds , shutdown in 2-4 seconds , resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds .
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month .
It 's like 9 punds , but if you can look past it , it 's GREAT !
Simple details , crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden , bulky sticker filled laptops .
Also , the battery does not last very long at all .
It is much better than the Acer ultrabook I had before .
:) In the past four years I 've had it I have never once gotten a virus .
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive .
The on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner .
It 's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion !
I needed a driver for my HP and they would not help me with out me paying over $ 50 for it .
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in .
I also travel with it and it never gives me any problems .
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk .
After 2 months of complaints , Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies .
Also , I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen , which is noticable to me .
( I 'm an excellent touch typist , and my hands are very sensitive , too .
I work as a designer and coder and I needed a new buddy to work with , not gaming .
Cheaper than buying it @ apple too !
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard , so did my wife , and it looks like I will have to as well .
It 's so bad that I 'm thinking I only got half a battery or something .
Now , , , , , my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months .
It super shiny , so you can see the fingerprints easily .
oh yeah , and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed ?
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba .
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game .
The Apple will run Internet Explorer , but at an amazingly slow rate .
the mouse is way way way to sensitve .
The graphics are stunning .
If you already own a 2009 , 2010 , or early 2011 model , you should wait until the next update .
This is another reason to like the Mac .
But , buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM ( 2x2GB for $ 92 or 1x4GB for $ 99 ) , and save yourself $ 100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM .
The processor screams , and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions , most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software .
It does not even have the software to play a dvd now .
There has been no problem with anything .
The reaction of Toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter .
So happy with this purchase , I just wish it came with Microsoft Word .
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side , In the way of operating a mouse in small area .
I took it back for an Asus and same thing - blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset .
This is my first LG product .
Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken ( manuf issue ) .
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
It is the worst laptop ever
The battery was completely dead , in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside .
/ awesome cooling system / much better grafics card ( ATI 5870 ) / 8GB RAM / LED backlit screen ...
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back , but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened , and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair ( the price of a new one ) .
Very Very Highly Recommended .
Since the machine 's slim profile is critical to me , that was a problem .
Before we got this laptop , had a compaq pasaro for 5 years with no problems .
The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key .
Summary : After doing some investigation on the web , I have found that Toshiba NB205s are not chronically not booting .
tech support would not fix the problem unless I bought your plan for $ 150 plus .
I Contacted HP about this situation and was given excuses , without results .
All I can say is I am impressed .
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great : )
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort , which was a problem for most pc 's unless you had a quad core I7 .
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage ( keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in ) , buttons not working and USB ports inoperative .
I 'M SO HAPPY WITH MY macbook pro !
They sent out a Sony ' Certified ' technician .
Once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts .
I 'M REALLY FRUSTRATED BY THIS EXPERIENCE .
it is of high quality , has a killer GUI , is extremely stable , is highly expandable , is bundled with lots of very good applications , is easy to use , and is absolutely gorgeous .
No laptop is perfect , but sometimes you just find a computer that works for you .
I own other Macs but always find myself navigation to the MacBook Pro to get my work done .
The Mac version of Microsoft Office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well .
Overall , it 's ok .
The only bad part is the size/weight .
This netbook went bad on me after 3 days .
lightweight , long battery life , excellent transition from PC ;
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely can not be without .
It does n't bother me though .
The screen , the software and the smoothness of the operating system .
Being a tech savvy , APPLE - product loving person , I 'm glad I finally got the MacBook Pro !
It has far exceeded my expectations for power , storage , and abilitiy .
I called Toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem .
Microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems .
Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports .
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface , which is useful for Time Machine .
However , my girlfriend realized that the netbook 's hinge is a bit loose ( when you open or close the LCD ) .
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba 's reputation for laptops it 's great !
The delivery was fast , and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again .
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children .
This laptop is the most amazing little peice of machinery I have owned outside of the Iphone .
I finally made the leap after my Gateway crapped out on me .
I am not happy with my purchase
I had gotten this model for $ 1199.00 on my State 's tax-free weekend and had a $ 100 off coupon for a MacBook at the local BestBuy !
So I called Compaq , and after being on the phone for 3 hours , i finally got a replacement which I should n't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty .
My MacBook is faster than any comparable PC .
So not having my laptop was discouraging .
I have found it very easy to use , very imformative , wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs .
Stay away from HP .
I am very Happy !
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand .
Thus , when you carry it at a slanted angle , the screen will " topple " or " slide " down , if you understand what I mean .
I can throw anything at it ( and I do ) , Pictures , video editing , schoolwork .
I 've always used PC 's for work home and this is my first experience with a Mac .
I did a lot of research and ended up thinking this Toshiba was the best one for me .
I do find that my MacBook has a lot more bells and whistles than a normal PC especially if you enjoy technology , downloading pictures and graphic design .
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made , yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet !
They informed me that I had around 7 " policies " or viruses on it .
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor ( such as works for windows ) , but iwork is cheap compared to office .
Thank you so much for the great item .
A lot of help they WERE N'T !
The Dell mini was the first Dell product that I had ever purchased .
and plenty of storage with 250 gb ( though I will upgrade this and the ram . . )
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user , that makes it run way to slow .
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here , it tends to freeze up sometimes , but thats the only bad thing about this computer .
I returned it to Best Buy on the ninteenth of April .
So what am I supposed to do ? The LG service center can not provide me the " service " when it is called the " service center " .
In summary , take your money elsewhere .
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port ( will work with adapter ) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back .
Currently if I use the laptop I ca n't sit it on my lap because it will burn my legs .
It completely supports my home business and personal life .
And in 6 months , there have been no freezing up and no blue , purple , black or any other type of screen .
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on .
So I got another netbook which I love !
In fact , somehow ( and I never opened it up ) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently , behind the front of the screen , in the way of the display .
It bluescreened on me without any warning , running simply basic Chrome .
With all the programs that came with it , such as iLife and iWork , I was set from the very beginning .
There is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark .
I am however pleased that it is still hanging in there .
I did an internet search and this is a very common problem with this laptop .
Keyboard could use some trimming .
Money and time well spent !
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied .
Oh and if thats not bad enough it does n't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $ 25 for two cds .
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it .
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly .
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved , worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac , the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior .
I re-seated the " WLAN " card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers .
Not super fancy , but not super expensive either .
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics .
With a mac you do n't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall , it 's so wonderful .
It 's fast and has excellent battery life .
It is well worth the money it cost , Very good investment .
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints .
" > iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with : easy and convenient .
I called Toshiba where I gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards .
I do n't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio .
Yeah , of course smarty pants " fix it now " ) Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple ( which I promptly did ) .
the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously RIGHT after i bought this one .
I have had it 9 months and it is already a $ 250 loss .
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted .
YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET FOR .
It has a 10 hour battery life when you 're doing web browsing and word editing , making it perfect for the classroom or office , and in terms of gaming and movie playing it 'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours .
I also experience the same with my MacBook Air .
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it .
I could have purchased a cheap computer to do what I 'm doing now !
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS !!!
This time the mouse pad and right click key would n't work !
I received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst .
It 's graphics are n't bad at all , for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum , easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics .
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite .
I use iphoto all the time , which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike .
You know , using the computer should be fun , not aggrevation , especially when you are playing games or working with photos .
They are wonderful , but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat .
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily .
It 's also fairly easy to use the Operating System .
As with any laptop not purchased with software options , it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications .
I sent it back AND THEY LOST IT .
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were .
I was WRONG !
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model , which gets hot and the battery does n't make it through 1 DVD .
Of course , eMachines can not be made entirely to blame for this computer 's woes ;
The video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better .
but other then that I would give this product a 4 in hafe stars .
I will never buy another HP computer .
Having a Mac certainly makes life easier .
The laptop is relatively simple to use , though I bought Macs for Dummies , which is well worth $ 2
This laptop is a 100 times better than a Chromebook !
I am not happy at all with the product I purchased .
This flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else Apple got right with the Mini .
Good luck .
So you do n't get frustrated the first few weeks .
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality .
The sound is a bit quiet if you 're on a plane , this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones .
I made the right decision .
This is basically the best laptop I have ever had or used .
There is hardly any memory on the computer 's hard drive .
wow the new macbook pro hanged as i tried to type this review .
As for the laptop , this is our 3rd Apple computer in the past 2 years .
This can be annoying at first but you just have to train yourself not to to start over so far .
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced , so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months .
Instead , I 'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy .
My first laptop was an Acer that I got for Christmas .
Fan vents to the side , so no cooling pad needed , great feature !
TOSHIBA WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THIS PROBLEM .
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better .
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily .
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops , the Macbooks are worth the dough .
But the performance of Mac Mini is a huge disappointment .
*** The review below is no longer relevant , Apple has fixed the issue .
they improved nothing else such as Resolution , appearance , cooling system , graphics card , etc .
( but Office can be purchased ) IF I ever need a laptop again I am for sure purchasing another Toshiba !!
Otherwise , I love it !
In my house , HP is a nasty word .
First off , I really do like my MBP ... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around , and the overall build is great ... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on .
however , they were kind enough to send a replacement free of charge .
The second issue I had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating , even if on for less than an hour !
I use a cooling pad but it does n't help .
He came into my house , fiddled around on the computer for a good forty minutes and got ready to leave before it was even done doing what he was doing to it .
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included !
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother .
In desparation , I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired ( 2 days old ) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ( " have your credit card ready " ) .
What a great little laptop .
I found this laptop on sale for under 6000 at Best Buy which was a great deal !
I am having a friend look at it , but will probably return it .
All of them were Windows machines .
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSE N'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch .
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC .
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display .
The lesson learned here is : It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand , since all of them are there to simply to make as much money as possible , as fast as they can , and in this day and age , the customer no longer is right all the times .
Even with virus protection , it always turned off when updates were needed and installed .
It is small enough to fit in one of my purses !
Simply amazing computer !!
Even though it is much more expensive than many PC laptops , it is worth the price .
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT !
I decided to buy a few notebooks for my nephews for Xmas .
Unfortunately , that is not the case .
I do n't like this company nor the toshiba brand , and I 'll never buy another one because I 've put more into it then it is worth .
They offer the best warranty in the business , and do n't 3rd party it out like Toshiba .
You wo n't be disappointed .
See retired recently and decided that she wanted a laptop .
I tried several monitors and several HDMI cables and this was the case each time .
I thought that it will be fine , if i do some settings .
I am glad I did my research .
My bag just got a little lighter .
Cost is more as compared to other brands .
So a couple of years later , I was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet .
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment .
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one .
On 3 July 2004 , I purcased this model at Best Buy for about $ 150
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it .
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts , and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working ( this was a rock star 7 years ago ) .
Thinking about returning it
Not good for a person who gets online daily .
I am a full Mac convert now .
The notebook would not turn back on again .
No machine has come remotely close to causing as many problems .
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications .
Where you click and hold and drag it picture , link , etc to where you want it .
been a PC user for many , many years .
You will fall in love with it in no time .
I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again .
The newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick , but it is still a great notebook !
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty .
So glad I decided to upgrade !
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could .
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing .
Its still going .
So , I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road , hoping they can make the hinge tighter .
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before !
A month or so ago , the freaking motherboard just died .
Other Thoughts : I love newegg , I recommend them to the world however this is just unacceptable .
I hate it !
The gray color was a good choice .
The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac .
and looks very sexyy :D really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price .
Crisp screen , great battery life , and plenty of storage .
The driver updates do n't fix the issue , very frustrating .
I honestly love my mac , thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict .
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again .
I initially purchased my Macbook Pro 13 " in April , and I loved it .
Great Performance and Quality .
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me .
Theres a built in camera with special effects - for video and photography .
Overall for the money this is a good deal .
Sad very SAD .
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite , I like the extra features , I love the windows 7 home premium .
It 's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box .
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product .
The newer MacBook that I have purchased is one of the best computers .
THIS is what a laptop is supposed to be .
One drawback , I wish the keys were backlit .
I had to get Apple Customer Support to correct the problem .
It still works and it 's extremely user friendly , so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV .
I do not know for sure .
If you have much higher expectations than that ... I would look elsewhere .
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear , the keyboard and the fit just feels right .
Overall it 's an amazing product , 5 stars !
i asked many people , search on the net and also read reviews here in best buy .
It is not an easy decision to purchase a used or even good as new laptop but I am very satisfied .
Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba ? Probably not ever again .
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it !
It is EXTREMELY fast and never lags .
This mac is great !
My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive .
They really screwed the pooch on this one .
It certainly does , but you rarely hear any of your friends with Mac 's complain about anything .
This is a great machine !
I 'm the pro-active type so I went off and did some preventative fixes .
It came before the day it supposed to which is great .
Finally , I could n't take it anymore and ordered my Apple .
I could n't afford a new mac , so I bought a PC instead .
If you do n't like fingerprints , this might not be the laptop for you .
10/10 five stars would recommend .
Its not just slow on the internet , its slow in general .
The built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus .
I 'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the ' old ' way - and Apple does , indeed , have the better idea .
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing , uploading photos , watching movies ( 720p ) on occasion and creating presentations .
really no problems with the hand me down computers I received from my children .
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership , so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan .
I did add a SSD drive and memory
Asked the customer service rep.
I take it everywhere with me because it 's so easy to carry .
ca n't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers .
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it .
ASUS said my net-book was working properly .
I 'm using this computer for word processing , web browsing , some gaming , and I 'm learning programming .
The display is awesome .
Before I begin , I will say that I am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - I am not an Apple fanboy .
I have had my new Macbook Pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled ALL of my old PC laptops .
I LOVE it !
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down .
Do n't buy this model .
The advantages of owning ' a ' mac are numerous .
It started out getting hot after only a few months .
My review mainly talks about the difference I have felt between an early 2011 and late 2011 mac book pro .
Do n't get me wrong , I am no Microsoft hater , I 've just managed to turn into a much bigger Apple fan because of this machine .
Beta had better quality , but VHS became the industry standard .
My HP is very heavy .
It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit .
It 's fast , quiet , incredibly small and affordable compared to other Mac models .
It works fine , and all the software seems to run pretty well .
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine .
cosmetically , the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top .
And I can attach my projector to it .
HELP , HELP , OTHER THAN THAT GETS A GREAT LITTLE WONDER .
But , at the same time they ( the company ) would not and could not do anything about my problem .
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer .
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it , but I like the big screen on it .
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive , and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing .
The perfect notebook ...
If the number of patrons in the Apple store are any indication , HP and other PC manufacturers need to take note .
I am not much of a computer techie , so I can understand some of the internal problems , though I do have trend micro as an antiviral program .
No waiting to have my claim reviewed by someone in another state ( or more often , another country ) .
Should be there by the end of the week ( again ... ) .
Buy the Mac Mini it 's a terribly great machine .
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small .
It has a very high performance , just for what I needed for .
I love this 13 " Mac white unibody .
All you have to do is turn it on and it works .
The unibody design is edgy and durable .
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the warranty .
i love ths notebook .
Dells are ok , HPs are n't that good , but Macs or Fantastic .
I love this little one .
Then only FOUR months later , my great MacBook pro FAILED .
Only 2 usb ports ... seems kind of ... limited .
This is a great computer .
I think that they are the best out on the market .
Mac computers automatically " defrag " each time you start your computer .
It is easy to find documents , and keep them in one area .
The price was very good , and the product is top quality .
The AC power port becomes loose over time
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes .
I was n't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed .
In addition , all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations .
You will not regret buying this computer !
Never been hacked .
I took the computer into Best Buy where I purchased it and they kept it over night to study it .
Treat yourself to a more expensive , long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony , Apple , or Toshiba .
It was a Waste of money from day one !
I own a Hewlett Packard laptop and I 've had man problems with it since I bought in in Feb , 201
What a mistake !
I do admit it is pricey but the saying is really true with this MacBook Pro Laptop ( You get what you pay for ) .
That 's the downside for me .
she ca n't tell the difference between it and her regular desktop system .
Yet , HP wo n't do anything about the problem .
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed .
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school , I had a hard time from beginning .
The software is amazing .
Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it .
All the programs are easy and straight forward on my MacBook Pro , it is clean and organized , which I always strive to be myself .
This computer is absolutely AMAZING !!!
The buttons you have to press a little harder than most .
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well , which is annoying .
It 's A MAC !!
That is how it is able to function better than any other PC .
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem .
A great college tool !
Laptop is advertised as a 15 " but the casing looks like that of a 17 " .
* 5 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Apple offers to send replacement after they receive the old computer .
I find it not to be very user friendly .
I will NEVER buy ( Refurbished ) again , I do n't cae how cheap it is .
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen ) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online .
While Apple 's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products , and their support is great , it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium .
Trying to balance all of my roles leaves very little time for me to do anything , so I want to manage my time I do have to be the most efficient .
it is an amazing image and it too is holding up quite nicely to little hands grabbing the back of my laptop .
The port is secured to motherboard so when this happens you ca n't see the plug at all , it 's just gone .
I love the Mac so much better than my work PC !
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid .
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
All in all , I 'm incredibly dissatisfied with this laptop , and with HP as a whole .
Both computers started acting extremely slow within the first year of owning them .
I had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair .
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
It would take up too much time to do reaearch for my papers and I would be up hours-just because the computer was too slow .
Everything is so easy to use , Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software .
Its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action .
Garageband is easy to work with , like all the other apple applications I 've had experience with .
, Applications respond immediately ( not like the tired MS applications ) .
I also got the added bonus of a 30 " HD Monitor , which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh !
I would rate this computer at 5 stars , but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine .
I HATE this one .
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
Prior to this computer , I owned a PowerBook G4 for 6 years ( quite a long time for a laptop ) .
The machine is used , but is like new , i 'm very impress .
All the above aside this machine ROCKS !
I have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that I would have learned a lot quicker if I would have taken the class .
It has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on .
" I 've had it now about 2 months and absolutely LOVE IT .
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box !
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results .
Great things come in small " packages .
taking notes , research , an online class and such and did n't want to spend too much on my first machine .
Its seen in movies , sitcoms , prominent important people carry and use them and they are GREAT !
I shipped out on Saturday , July 17 .
I 've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks , and it really is a great computer .
I 'm still within the one year warranty but the repair " depot " has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not covered .
I 'm going back to DELL .
I did n't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice .
i would never go back any more , i love this computer so much and i would recommend it to everyone .
Bought with a credit card .
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 ( in PC enabled with USB3 ) I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7 .
This laptop rocks ( only wish it could run SolidWorks CAD - which Apple does n't support ) !
Great overall .
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years , I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues .
Honestly , this is absolutely wonderful .
So this is very good commputer and i highly suggest it .
I got tired of buying laptops and having them stop working after a year .
If you can afford a new laptop , and are in the market for one , of course , then definitely go for this .
It is fast and easy to use .
Very annoying .
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look .
- Apparently , contactus@euro.apple.com is not a good address to send complaints .
Never been happier using computer .
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about .
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure is n't reflected in the retail price .
I 'm pleased .
It would n't fit in most 17-inch bags .
They 're absolutely useless , unless you count the joy of releasing anger while smashing into little peices against the wall .
System is loosing about 20 % of performance because of that .
Laptops are usually used on the go , so why not give you a better battery ?
It has served my needs quite nicely for the most part .
i would really recommend to any person out there to get this laptop cause its really worth it .
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
Screen is bright and gorgeous .
Thank you .
my information was all lost ( my fault , I know , but I never thought I would need to back up my information on a brand new Mac , the paragon of all computers !
I have Vista , so I am unable to install and uninstall some programs .
I am sorry that I purchased this laptop .
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i 've ever seen .
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive .
I would definitely not go back to using a PC after using the mac .
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back , , , , , eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later .
It was slow , locked up , and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months !
Thanks , MacConnection , for making this a seamless purchase !
What can I say , It 's an Apple .
Shipped very quickly and safely .
go for it !
These new problems were the final straws ;
Works well , and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS .
Built-in apps are purely amazing .
It is easy to use , has great screen quality , and every so light weight .
That defeated the whole point of a laptop .
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows .
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough ( this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now ) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard , mouse , and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video .
There are reviews that speak to a few possible glitches but , I have n't seen them yet .
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of , like my cad programs .
I ordered through MacMall , which saved me the sales tax I would have incurred buying locally .
this computer will last you at least 7 years , thats an amazing life spanned an electronic .
I switched to this because I wanted something different , even though I miss windows .
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years , I find not much difference except of course for the screen size .
The battery life is great .
Second , it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated
Pretty much made sense to get a Mini .
I realize that not every unit has this issue , but the ones that do can not be repaired .
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time !
i love the keyboard and the screen .
I 'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple .
Which I still use and have hooked up to my TV .
I do n't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it 's perfect for me .
So I 'd pop them off to see what the problem was , well guess what ? The darn thing would n't go back on .
Who could n't love a DVD burner , 80-gigabyte HD , and fairly new graphics chip ? As I soon discovered , though , there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more : they use higher-quality components that are faster , better-configured , and end up lasting a lot longer .
He said quite a number of people had encountered this problem and said it is a common issue .
I had my computer custom built from Sonystyle.com .
Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I 'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty .
previous laptops were pc 's , still have them , but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system .
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that .
It freezes , and it always shows that there is an error , so I have to restart it a few times every time I use it .
Also , my sister got the exact same laptop ( since they were so cheap ) and after 8 months , the screen split in half just from everyday use .
I shopped around before buying .
Shiny This Laptop is the Best of the best !
If so , you may be having similar problems .
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous .
The computer would not ever cut back on .
The latest is on my LG Netbook X12
I have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures .
The cool thing about the Mac Book was that I went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iPhone , then I came back and put them onto my Macbook and made a pretty good DVD movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip .
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it 's very noticeable .
I finally own a piece of computing equipment that I do n't want to take a baseball bat and destroy .
They went through asking me open up various components , taking battery out , hard disk apart , and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it .
Just what the doctor ordered .
Luckily , Dell said they would replace my laptop with a new one , but instead I got a refund and bought a mac .
They claim that I should be happy because I am getting a new laptop to replace my two-month old laptop .
I investigated netbooks and saw the Toshiba NB305-N410BL .
Theres also iDVD , a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together - photos , recordings , video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents , family , siblings , and any other person important in your life that there may be .
I told them that I just received my brand new MacBook but I was having issues .
I got this laptop on Black Friday .
And it is impossible to get them back in .
I hope to edit this in the next few hours , I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7 .
I loved it then , but unfortunately it was before the days of wireless internet .
I also made a recovery USB stick .
It is very durable , I am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet .
I will never go back to a PC again !
Great purchase and I definitely did n't miss out on the Black Friday deals .
The Toshiba Net book operates very well .
She brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that " It is like that one " .
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable , easy to use computer .
Words can not express how much I love my new Mac .
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote .
That is pretty sad when they name them specifically .
The apple care has never failed me , and I expect it to be the same for this computer as well .
I am loyal to Apple .
Thank goodness for OpenOffice !
Im very happy with this computer !
So I 'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority .
I waited and waited and no laptop .
It was kind of a rebellion against PC in fact , and I am certainly glad I did .
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ( $ 400 ) and I thought it would be a good , easy to use first laptop .
Quietest laptop I have ever owned .
THIS IS MY SECOND MAC BOOK PRO .
It would not let me connect to my Wifi system where I lived .
I have owned at least 4 to 5 laptops and computers - but this is by far the most superior machine I have ever owned .
But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player .
Buyers beware .
It makes a great gift .
SO of course this one came through with the awesomeness !
I did n't like one thing about it .
After paying several hundred dollars for this service , it is frustrating that you can not get help after hours .
All the customers that come in hate Dell .
Because it IS a defective product .
- they lost my laptop for a month
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts ...
It 's color is even cool .
Also I typed faster then then letters would show and it got to be realy annoying .
I bought the netbook because it was smaller and lighter for me to carry around .
HP did n't fix it .
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design .
All of the programs ( Keynote , Pages , Numbers ) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible , which really eliminates the need for the actual .
Info : Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing , or corrupt .
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP ( what I thought was a reputable company ) would n't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart .
Browsing , also , was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ) .
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand .
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she 'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook .
I have used PC 's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy .
So this review might be a tad bit bias .
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to !
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system .
The 13 " MacBook Pro is portable , durable , and very capable .
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
Otherwise , all other features are a 1
I am now making a point to avoid their products and I hope my experience can serve as a warning to you as well .
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions .
another satisfied customer .
Size : I know 13 is small ( especially for a desktop replacement ) but with an external monitor , who cares .
My daughter uses it for games , email , facebook , pictures and music .
It was a laugh too !
The only thing I did n't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection , in case it gets broken , or crashes etc .
The RAM memory is good but should have splurged for 8Mb instead of 4Mb .
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard , plenty of ports .
We do n't Mind and You do n't Matter .
Because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened .
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer , they paid postage and whatnot , but when I got my computer back it still was n't running right , and now my CD drive was n't reading anything !
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional , Windows 7 Home Premium , Windows Server Enterprise 2003 , and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise .
I had a MacBook Notebook , and it had absolutely no protection from viruses , spyware , malware , etc .
This computer is the ideal college companion .
I do n't want to RUN a computer ; I want to USE a computer .
So far so good with this laptop .
Buyer Beware .
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs .
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
It even has a great webcam , and Skype works very well .
This is a great little computer for the price .
( For those old enough to remember , it is similar to Beta versus VHS .
The speakers on it are useless too .
Support has been lackluster and now I just want a refund .
It 's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it 's an investment and that it 's gon na last you a long time .
Very nice unibody construction .
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price .
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and was n't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect .
It is also fast as can be ... you get what you pay for ... well worth the investment
I just got this laptop for college , and so far I am very happy with it .
The processor went on me , the fan went and the motherboard went .
You know what ? I happened to buy a defective blood pressure monitor a week ago at the Bukit Batok Polyclinic NHG Pharmacy a week ago .
Not super light but still a good one .
While the computer seems to be set up in a common sense way rather than in geek-speak , there are certain quirks that can drive you crazy trying to deal with the PC world .
I am please with the products ease of use ; out of the box ready ; appearance and functionality .
That 's how frustrating it was .
Its fast , has High definition quality in the videos .
The benefits were immediate !
It also does not have bluetooth .
I considered I may have too much on the computer , but after looking , there was plenty of space and that is not the issue .
I was given a demonstration of Windows 8 .
It was over rated !
Other than that I do n't have one complaint in the world !
It doesnt work worth a damn .
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect , something with the amount of thermal paste .
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic , and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly .
The programs are great , like iphoto ( love the editing capabilities ) , imail ( which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad ) , imovie , etc .
It will make life so much easier next semester , just wish I had it last semester !!
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing , spreadsheets , and presentations ( similar to Microsoft Office ) .
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things , they always come up with good looking products .
The screen is a little glary , and I hated the clicking buttons , but I got used to them .
i love to use it it is esay and light .
The battery is really long .
Other than not being a fan of click pads ( industry standard these days ) and the lousy internal speakers , it 's hard for me to find things about this notebook I do n't like , especially considering the $ 350 price tag .
It 's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses .
I love my macbook pro !
sounds like a typewriter , but if you can get past that , this is a great laptop for a little money !
It was a total Dhell experience that I will never repeat .
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks .
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer , so I had to remove it .
Good keyboard , long battery life , largest hard drive and windows 7 .
I got the new adapter and there was no change .
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 ( with harman/kardon speakers ! ) in December of 2005 .
When calling Dell for help , reurn , or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it .
It will be returned in the state to which it was shipped Michigan .
I bought this laptop for my son in 2007 for his Christmas present .
I purchased a MacBook Pro and this to replace a couple of HP units that I was using .
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload .
Being virus-resistant is a huge plus .
No HDMI port .
However , a NETBOOK will be a different story .
While we struggle with all the crashes and viruses , the kids computers stay consistent and so we caved in and bought one for buisness !
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet , word processing , graphic design and gaming .
But when I received my replacement , I made BOTH recovery DVDs ( 4 ) , and a driver/application DVD .
super fast processor and really nice graphics card . .
tosiba has a good reputation , my llast computer was an acer .
The 4 USB ports are nice , but the two on the side only work now and then .
But I was wrong .
I have had the netbook for 2 months and I love it , I read some reviews that say netbooks are slow but it does not seem any slower than the other computers I use .
HP refused to give me a new one and Wal Mart refused to take it back .
Also , the extended warranty was a problem .
The few things that are wrong with it are very minor things .
Good in every aspect .
Stupidly , mind-numbingly slow -- then I found it can only be loaded with 2GB * maximum * .
When this happened I would have to completely power off my computer and restart it .
The Mini 's body has n't changed since late 2010 - and for a good reason .
I like iTunes , the apparent security , the Mini form factor , all the nice graphics stuff .
2 ) Blue screen first month
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you ca n't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small .
I really like the size and I 'm a fan of the ACERS .
- I propose that they can just swap the hard drives .
Yes , I thought the expese was a little much , but I now realize you get what you pay for .
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again , everything from programs and drivers failing again , to it powering off for no reason , to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues .
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work .
Nothing wrong with this computer at all !
It has many great programs , such as ILife , iPhotos and others .
I pondered very long over this decision .
Needless to say , the leap from that to this has been amazing and ( aside from the financial reasons ) I am astounded that I had n't made the switch sooner .
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it .
I have n't tried the one with retina display ... Maybe in the future .
I mainly use it for email , internet , and managing personal files ( pics , vids , etc. ) .
Also , the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it .
This thing is a lemon .
It is more than enough computer to keep up with the needs of a high school student .
Enough said .
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7 , what about us Vista users ? They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system .
Laptop was in new condition and operational , but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair .
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC .
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life , lack of a webcam , its great .
1st hand experience is very important , especially for a new customer .
I would suggest this product to anyone .
I bought it from HSN because it was " bundled " with extra software , but as it turns out , that software just crashes it more often .....
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver , much easier than any other computer I have ever owned .
The battery life is amazing , the versitility is outstanding .
I waited another month for approval and for them to " BUILD " me a new laptop .
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use , very important for use quick typers .
And i would recommend this to anypne looking for a new laptop .
WIth the upgraded memory , the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once !
The computer did what it was NOT supposed to do , and I did n't know what to do ....
Perfect -- thanks so .
The video card is great for media , and above average for gaming , but not a gamers first choice .
One bad thing is it gets hot .
Skype is just so dang cool with this machine too .
I just ca n't fathom that the celebrated Dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs .
Was not happy with one of the programs on it .
The screen resolution was exactly what I was looking for .
I bought this netbook for traveling , and it 's great - light , functional , and meets my needs .
Wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside .
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I did n't like the trackpad .
seriously why have n't they just replaced it by now .
My laptop is so light that I can take it with me anywhere .
The rep did not even answer my question , I had to ask him , if he understood what I ask or if he spoke english because he did n't even try to acknowledge my question .
A little pricey but it is well , well worth it .
I was having a though time deciding between the 13 " MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13 " ( Both baseline models , priced at 1,200 $ retail )
All the yada-yada .
Speaking of the browser , it too has problems .
Called Acer many times , they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer !
I believe with Apple - you get what you pay for .
The keyboard is top notch .
this computer is a little more expensive than any pc but it will last you longer and it worth every penny .
( The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection ) .
And Toshiba is a quality supplier .
And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
I would rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that is n't good at all .
My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market , given their horrible support , but this machine just caused another plunge .
What 's also interesting is this survey changed my ratings the first time I submitted it in case it does n't keep what I put here are my aratings
Returning this as soon as I get out of work
But to be honest , the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time .
Excellent speed for processing data .
VERY disappointing :
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault .
After doing extensive research , macconnection had the lowest price on the 15 " MBP i5 .
Great wifi too .
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it , as I am old school and hate the pad , but knew that before I bought it , now it works great , need to get adjusted to the key board , as I am used to a bigger one and pounding .
The price is 200 dollars down .
I have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production .
My sister is the electronics manager at Wal Mart and she says that HP is the best .
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer .
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied .
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it !
As of a couple weeks ago the middle portion of the laptop from top to bottom , , , about 4 inches across is hardly visible .
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive .
But , Mac makes the switch from PC to Mac easy .
It is easy to use , its keyboard easily accommodates large hands , and its weight is fantasic .
This is no exception .
Ive owned Apple computers and laptops for as long as i could remember .
Keyboard is reasonable size .
I love it so much .
You may just lose 1 customer for now .
I visited the Apple Store and was impressed with the 17-inch MacBook Pro .
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive ( I do n't really understand why but anyway ) .
They sent it off and within 2 weeks I had it back good as new .
Unfortunately , Apple 's quality has continued to slide .
English must have been his third or fourth language .
It 's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open .
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever .
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months , stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes .
I 'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown .
Eventually my battery would n't charge , so unless I had it plugged in it would n't even power on .
This mac has been a problem since we got it .
Pretty disappointed about this product .
returned it .
Came fully loaded - good .
And the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles .
* 6th week * - They are not responding to my emails asking when they expect to dispatch the new unit ...
It meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling .
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard !
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel .
After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace .
You can read all about the details of this marvelous computer on wikipedia .
In early May I got it back and this time I only had it back for 1 day before it had a NEW issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they " expedited " the repairs so I was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed , by a " Senior Tech " .
- Estimated time to fix it : 10 working days or less .
It is absolutely horrible to use , despite all its so called advanced features .
It was always getting froze up .
Heck , I like all Mac computers , but they 're all WAY too pricey for the kind of economy the U.S. is going through .
The track pad is a bit squirrely at times - sometimes too sensitive , and sometimes a bit unresponsive , but it 's usable .
I have experienced no problems , works as anticipated .
This is my first personal Satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous Satellite work issued laptops .
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks , and I am impressed with the intuition of the design , the beauty of the product , and the excellent technological advances associated with it .
I had my IWORKS , Itunes , Email , MS Office , network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour .
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba .
Its everything mac offers .
The 17 in Macbook Pro has been a wonderful addition .
It is amazing .
It is so great , I can Hardly ever take my hands off it !
Now mainboard is broken , have to wait for a new one .
and finally i realized that mac is the best .
The battery life was shorter than expected .
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive .
They replaced it and so far so good .
Also , if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft , there is a charge , which I believe is robbery , since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system , which most people would have went with XP if they could .
Again , I sent it off to Acer , by this time they were paying for me to send it to them and everything , but it was still inconvienent because of my classes and my communication with my fiance .
Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more ...
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs .
Meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis .
I have had several machines over the years , both for personal and business use .
I will never purchase a HP again ever .
When I am next to my router on my HP I get full service , on my Eee PC I get 3 bars .
I wiped nearly everything off of it , installed OpenOffice and Firefox , and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price .
I still see the benefits of a PC when I do not know how to do something on my mac .
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front .
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to .
I do n't know why I did n't make the switch sooner ... o ya because it 's expensive .
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm , I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard ( no keys sticking or lagging , strange configuration of " extra key " , etc .
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter .
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy .
I had a USB connect but , i ca n't use it because it is not compatible .
I ca n't imagine my life without it anymore !
Well , maybe I was just very unlucky .
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac , but MS Office does n't even come with most pc laptops .
So we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it did n't work .
This computer is really fast and I 'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to ...
But until now , no complains at all .
What angers me more than anything else is that I spent all those years hating MACs when I could have been getting a lot more production with a whole lot less grief !
I feel that enough people have Macs these days and that companies need to start making things more compatable than they used to be .
It was at my door in less than 24 hours .
First , it does not have a push button to open the lid .
But if you are in the computer field you probably would n't be here .
I can see why the have soooo much money .
Of course , I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork , GarageBand , and iMovie .
I was so happy with my new Mac .
The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues .
I also like the acer arcade but these were reallythe only two things I liked about this laptop .
I have full control at all times of what is going on - there is no control + alt + delete business anymore .
Yes , they cost more , but they more than make up for it in speed , construction quality , and longevity .
- Computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly .
I love a " pc " but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system .
I was going to buy today and noticed it went back up to $ 344.99 ?
The first one sent : Touchpad did n't work The second sent : USB did n't work The third sent : Touchpad did n't work The fourth sent : Has n't arrived yet .
The reality was , it heated up very quickly , and took way too long to do simple things , like opening my Documents folder .
To those thinking about switching , do it and do not look back !
it 's exactly what i wanted , and it has all the new features and whatnot .
However , the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen .
I was so excited to get this in the mail i nearly gave myself a heart attack .
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems .
And I 'm still paying the bloody financing , for a product which did n't last me at least three years !
The machine is speedy and efficient .
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door .
Received the product promptly and without any issues .
Avoid this model .
In short , you could say your mac could become your best friend ( no intention of replacing Rover your dog ) .
Charger seems large for this class of computer .
Then they had me jump through many hoops and questions to see if they could find another way to invalidate me .
I had a toshiba for 10 years .
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use , although very different than Win XP , Visa or Win7 .
The computer is currently in West Verginia doe to the method of shipping choosen by Toshiba .
I have now had it for 1.5 months and love it .
One of the smartest thing I did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase .
The people are frustrating to work with , the product itself is very cheaply made , and the accessories are less than satisfactory .
Runs real quick .
It has everything I would need for a home computer .
i use my mac all the time , i love the software , the way it takes a short time to load things , how easy it is to use and most of all how you do n't have to worry about viruses .
Since I have always used Apple products , the choice of Macbook Pro was obvious .
Me and my boyfriend bought the Gateway NV78 in nov of 09 .
Good monitor and performed well .
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box .
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time , we are on the hook for the repair .
The pricing is very competitive .
We carry the netbook around here and there , hence it 's kinda of irritating when the LCD just " slide " downwards .
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must .
This little netboook is helping me get work done !
I was waiting for this model to be released since January , and have been holding off on buying a Macbook Pro until the new model came out .
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops , but the ease of use , security , and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag .
Yes , the computer was light weight , less expensive than the average laptop , and was pretty self explantory in use .
Ok first .
Actually , I think I was intimidated by the change from a PC .
Does everything I wanted this laptop to do .
the i3 processor does n't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on .
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what ? They fixed it , no cost out of pocket .
I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time .
Still have n't solved this .
Besides , the apple stocks have been falling due to lack of sales .
Buy this .
Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously .
I was ready to take it back for a refund , but the Geek Squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed .
You just lose a customer .
But you must get the 15 inch .
Never had a single problem , and do n't have to worry about viruses .
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal .
Nothing bad to say about it .
so i called technical support .
Note that I do n't ordinarily take the time to write a review .
I bought this MacBook Pro to replace my six-year-old PC ( a Sony Vaio ) , but it was basically no better than my old PC , so I returned it .
I just took the broken cords into the Apple store and they gave me new ones .
It 's the most wonderful thing in the entire world .
The sound is nice and loud ; I do n't have any problems with hearing anything .
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple 's previous laptops .
This laptop has left me with a HORRIBLE taste in my mouth for Acer brand products .
I get a ton of compliments on its size , and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus , I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you 're restricted to the width of your body for computing room .
Then it ceased charging at all .
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed ( except for speaker grill ) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all .
I first purchased this Dell model " 1764 " on April 6 , 201
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it !
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty .
Speakers does n't sound that great .
The price is great for this model , I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room .
Additional caveat : the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user 's liking .
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or do n't want to bother them with bright lighting , it is very convenient to have a darker , softer lit screen .
If you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up .
Emachines says they 're waiting for a part and refuses to replace entire unit .
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit .
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small .
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe would n't work .
I wanted it for it 's mobility and man , this little bad boy is very nice .
I currently own a Lenovo laptop as well as my new MacBook Pro , and each have their own strengths and weaknesses .
They did n't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement .
Clear picture on it and everything .
After the first few months , the computer started crashing about every week .
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere , but still has a big enough screen to get everything done .
We were PC users .
I do everything on this computer - check email , facebook , shop , check blogs , write papers , listen to music , and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv .
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual .
I ca n't honestly say I was heartbroken .
I would never buy a Dell again .
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast , I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point .
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at , I think there 's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs .
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem .
I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty , you will probably need it !
And it did n't show up on the reciept , I do n't know how we ordered it online !
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed , etc .
My friends are in awe every time they come over !
The battery life is excellent - 6-7 hours without charging .
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it .
Despite the claims of the Apple apologists ( a vice of which I am recently myself reformed ) the internals of Mac laptops are NO different from PCs ' at this point .
Easy to carry , can be taken anywhere , can be hooked up to printers , headsets .
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly .
If you 're looking for a great laptop , you 've found the best here .
Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase .
Very good quality and well made .
Macs are designed for the " frontal lobe challenged " people out there .
In all honesty , if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop , then do not buy this computer .
C'mon , LG .
My laptop worked again for just a while before I started having issues AGAIN .
I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem .
I had 3 months when the ports started going out .
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus .
I tried out another Mac for a few months before buying this one and it is a great machine .
however , I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty .
Buy it , love it , and I promise you wo n't regret it .
NO more Lenovo for me .
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot .
If you buy , pray you dont have major prolems .
This laptop has only 2 USB ports , and they are both on the same side .
If upgrade is possible to the full Windows 7 , then I will truly be a very happy geek .
After way too many times sending the thing in for repairs ( delivery service was slow , and without the laptop I had no access to the internet , and thus no way of tracking it to find out when I might hope to see my computer again ) , it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years .
The one thing that Apple does right is computers .
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely .
It is super fast , and always loads .
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I 've seen .
It took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that I owned the warranty .
It 's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is impressive for a computer this small .
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space .
I got it for Christmas , and I was so excited to set it up !
It did not have all the features I expected it to have .
Every single one we 've gotten we 've had problems with .
I baby my electronics so I know for a fact it was defective and not anything that I did to it .
It is SO much fun to play with .
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard , but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC .
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it .
He 's thrilled with his new laptop .
Oh , it is such a great piece of equipment .
We have n't had any problems with it at all .
Even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger .
An absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will .
Almost 4 years ago I bought what was then the current , up to date HP Pavilion -- If I recall correctly , it was the dv 1300 t.
Best Buy Rocks !
Being a PC user my whole life , it 's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I 'm finding my way around .
The Mac Book Pro performs flawlessly .
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours .
However , there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless .
If only Bill Gates would read some of what is said here MS would do a better job .
The Genius at the Apple store advised me that there was nothing about my use of the computer that caused this failure .
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard .
Its Office compatible , but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs .
I 'm glad I made the choice to switch and buy this MAC .
I left the place angrily .
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
The other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes , the most common being a corrupted version of Appleworks which can render the browser useless .
Very very disappointed !
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed .
Overall , still a very nice machine .
This is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old .
He LEFT ME , instructions on what to do when this comes up , or that comes up ......
There is no HDMI receptacle , nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device .
It 's the inside that is truly wonderful .
The thunderbolt port is awesome !
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet .
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
I 've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye 'd the computer when I took it out of my bag .
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you : )
Well i got this computer from Best Buy and I have had nothing but problems I bought the computer with a virus .....
You 'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them .
since then i have had minor problems with slow operation .
I never had this kind of quality issue with Dell ( not to say Dell is that great ) , not with a brand new laptop .
Do you think I purposely " destroy " my netbook , so that I can demand a new set ? Do you think it 's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution ? Or rather NO solution .
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $ 175 to send it in to fix it .
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine ;
The battery life also does n't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack .
Runs very smoothly .
With all the goodies inside this machine , it is a value .
She told me flatly , " It 's like that one .
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot .
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary , some folks indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix , others had the repair done 5 times .
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you .
Small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel .
falls into the case .
There are a few flaws as well that I noticed .
I like the laptop overall .
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
My Mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary .
The sound as mentioned earlier is n't the best , but it can be solved with headphones .
With what I do know how to do , the computer works beautiful .
It 's shiny and it 's pretty .
It may take a little getting used to but you do n't have to worry about viruses or other headaches .
I am taking back today .
I 'm glad it waited , this one is great .
Further , this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface ( courtesy of the Mac OS ) and the range is poor .
I did not take the class and wish that I would have .
I should have kept my big , old HP .
This is the third in a series of MacBooks starting with a Black MacBook .
It does n't have a lot of frills , but I did n't need any , and being able to buy what I needed , and not more than I needed was very important .
But I do n't see it as a problem .
After purchasing this thing , I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera , and that it can not be purchased at the store - only on line .
It was wonderful deal for the wonderful product .
The new os is great on my macbook pro !
Stay away from Envy .
I love apple but unlike others That does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not .
One of the primary reasons why I purchased an IPad was to store photographs so that I could show to my customers .
The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad .
After numerous calls to Applecare tech support , I was directed to send in my computer ;
All I can say is W-O-W .
It was hard to handle and operate at school .
I do n't do any high tech stuff on it , just write papers , check mail , and sometimes play games , so I ca n't reccomend it if you are in the computer field .
Enough said .
I was n't really sure I wanted to spend that kind of money !
I am going to college next year and I needed a cheaper , quality computer for the goals I am trying to pursue .
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light , but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me ( even after installing new browsers ) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it .
Going to bring it to service today .
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use .
I upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop .
Also kinda loud when the fan was running .
Steve Jobs , probably needs help and donations , and can not afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby .
This is the first Apple product that I have purchased .
The device speaks about it self .
apple and quess what , you have to send the whole laptop in , too bad , so sad
It works fine with our wireless and they 've had not problems .
I 'm so glad I purchased a Mac and not another PC !!!
I have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me .
HP said I had done the damage .
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity , because it is very sensitive .
Would like more trendy , high tech features .
Luckily , for all of us contemplating the decision , the Mac Mini is priced just right .
Does exactly what I bought it 4 .
They told me to reprogram the computer , and I did n't need to do that , and I lost pictures of my oldests first 2 years of her life .
But enough about that , I am an Apple convert for life .
My laptop cost approximately $ 2,300 and DIED after only 2-years , 10-months and 18-days of use .
I am able to organize my pics , music and files easily .
The display is incredibly bright , much brighter than my PowerBook and very crisp .
Yes , I have it on the highest available setting .
While it was highly rated , would I like it ? I tried the keyboard at the store , and it seemed ok .
Customization on mac is impossible .
This is my 3rd Apple Laptop and first MacBook Pro .
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5 's .
( I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $ 50 ) Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours , or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents .
can never go wrong with apple products .
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well , but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing .
Back then my entire family was Devoted to the Sony name .
The battery life is probably an hour at best .
Of course , I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others .
This thing is awesome , everything always works , everything is always easy to set up , everything is compatible , its literally everything I could ask for .
Who makes a laptop that ca n't rest on your lap ?
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time .
Seriously considering a larger laptop to replace the Dell
By the time I was finally able to get a work order to get it fixed I had been without my computer for almost a week while I was an Online College Student , so it was very inconvenient and I had to send it off and be without it while it was being fixed also .
Our Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer ( Z0J80001 ) Notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking .
very very slow laptop .
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing .
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I do n't really think that is what this computer is designed for .
HP said it was out of warranty .
I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point .
I was n't really as concerned about portability ( it 's a very large laptop ) but it 's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise .
Very light and easily maneuverable .
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter , thru Windows 7 Home Premium , to Windows 7 Professional was a snap ;
We purchase the Dell XPS several years ago for my home business .
This is why I purchased a BRAND NEW LAPTOP in the first place so it would n't have ANY problems .
I never have had a good result with this computer .
It has surpassed all expectations and fulfilled all my needs .
Great , quick laptop for the money .
After numerous attempts of trying ( including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly ) , I gave up ( I am a techie ) .
I 'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $ 176 every 3 months just is n't worth it ( that 's about how long the port seems to last ) .
Honestly , I spent more time waiting for it to unfreeze then actually doing what I got on there for !
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer .
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING !!!
I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY COLLEGE AGE GRANDCHILDREN AND THESE MACS ARE TOTALLY RELIABLE AND SUPPORT THEIR CLASS WORK 100 % OF THE TIME .
It had a seventeen inch screen which I wanted , but I did n't realize at the time it would be such a monster !
I like the brightness and adjustments .
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere .
i would have to say that overall its great !
At first , I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system .
I am ADDICTED to photo booth !
The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months .
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion .
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance .
believe me apple has a reputation .
That is my only complaint !
More likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution .
Laptop is to be used like a Netbook .
Adjust the sensitivity since it 's not that responsive to begin with .
I will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day .
Nice screen , keyboard works great !
The minute you fire it up it 's all good , very easy user interface .
I am very happy I bought this Mac , well worth the extra money .
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price , but you can not find the look , easy , applications , and the experience in mac .
* = Webcam is a bit laggy , not the greatest .
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch .
I have not have any problems .
But to be honest , I do n't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming .
The people there just changed for me on the spot and I got a new arm piece and they did n't even request for a receipt .
Probably wo n't work either .
Looked at HP , ASUS , Acer , Sony and a bunch of other ones but could not find I really liked .
GET THIS MACHINE
I feel that it was poorly put together , because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it .
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the " sales " team , which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from .
It 's fast , light , and simple to use .
( If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it should n't , check the " Activity Monitor " app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero .
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly .
From the build quality to the performance , everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple .
You can call HP and they want you to buy more software to fix it .
It is super fast and has outstanding graphics .
First of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
Instead of taking another chance on Toshiba , I went with an Asus G73JH-x3 .
I loved the netbook ( minus the fact that it was windows OS ) until this started happening .
I am used to computers with windows so I am having a little difficulty finding my way around .
I decided I wanted a laptop so I went into the BBY store .
Minis make sense for a lot of people .
She said Wal Mart rants and raves abouy carring Dell because it 's a big name but they are a piece of garbage .
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have .
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port , HDMI , ethernet and 3 USB ports .
The Macbook pro 's physical form is wonderful .
Was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued , apparently because of known motherboard problems .
I am a wife , mom and a school teacher and a college student .
I believe this is because I was more active than the average user , meaning I average about three " tabs " .
All for such a great price .
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus , definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with , such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft .
Once open , the leading edge is razor sharp .
The performance is awesome .
I did a review on it , its awesome .
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen , as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners .
I brought this laptop last friday , and originally it worked fantastic .
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter .
Summary : HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it .
three years is a decent life , but this must make it to graduation and beyond .
Theres always something wrong with it , wether it be some virus you ca n't track down , or it overheats , sometimes even catches on fire , you just ca n't use it .
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty , able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown .
The exterior is absolutely gorgeous .
This unit is not .
For the not so good , I got the stock screen - which is VERY glossy .
By this time I was regretting ever SEEING this machine on the shelf !
Suffice it to say , my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed .
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem , they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I 'd like to purchase more memory for $ 75 .
It is really thick around the battery .
Trashed it when I spilled a latte on it while writing at a cafe .
It is a bit heavy .
I got the Macbook and he got a Macbook Pro .
The display on this computer is the best I 've seen in a very long time , the battery life is very long and very convienent .
My son said it popped up and he clicked update .
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more , or buy a USB wireless card .
It took me a while top get away from the land of PCs , but now that I have , I ca n't see myself going back to it .
Very satisfied .
That 's a huge difference .
I purchased two laptops ( for my husband and 16 year old daughter ) .
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done .
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home , and it runs just fine .
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design .
Other installed features , such as certain printer software , are also most attractive .
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought .
First of all , I 've been Dell fan for more than fifteen years .
Do yourself a favor , this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware ...
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers .
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system ca n't be used with the iBook .
It is known as Safari , and if you are doing any website work , you should know that many hosting companies do not support it .
I took the laptop home and not even a month later , I began to have problems with it .
Received all four in good order ;
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan .
This computer was bought because I wanted " top of the line " , fast , reliable , HA .
I have always wanted a MacBook Pro ..... always !
Finally was able to reach a young lady in California and ordered the machine and was subsequently given a delivery date .
It 's also very capable of doing moderate video editing ( although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing ) .
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you do n't matter .
of course my warranty runs out next month .
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi .
One more tip , please purchase this model and get a 4GB stick of RAM to save you $ 10
They are so realistic I am just speechless .
This is the first time for me to use a Mac and I 'm really happy with the move .
great battery life .
Good laptop for the money .
The Toshiba laptop was a great purchase .
Fits all my personal needs .
I also wanted Windows 7 , which this one has .
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications .
This Notebook restarts every time there is a new update , so if you do n't save your files and information , everything will be lost .
It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class .
No Cd Rom in the new version there 's no way I 'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version .
I love the 15 " MacBook Pro .
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer .
I 'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same .
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made .
I lost two items I was working on until I figured out what was happening .
so we got a good deal on hsn for an ascer notebook and we bought it for him .
The receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance .
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded .
The graphics were awful and the warranty is n't even worth the cheap payment on the computer .
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use .
My smart phone is faster !
Dell wanted to charge us for everything everytime I called them with a problem .
Finally , the biggest problem has been tech support .
I did not have to call the support line at all .
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook : screen size is not something I 'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week .
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues !
They do n't crash .
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ( $ 1500-2000 ) which also support " accidents " like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare .
Super light , super sexy and everything just works .
With awesome graphics and assuring security , it 's perfect !
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment .
I am so addict to this laptop .
I simply got tired of a bad computer like windows with its constant freezing and anti-virus .
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I was n't too worried about getting a virus , plus I thought I was protected by Norton .
In fact I still use manyLegacy programs ( Appleworks , FileMaker Pro , Quicken , Photoshop etc ) !
And if you are switching from a pc I hilghy sugest this one .
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
I would recommend not buying this product .
I 'm so disgusted that I wasted my money on this product .
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24 " LCD screen , so built in screen size is not terribly important .
Hopefully my replacement is brand new .
I could n't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge .
i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck .
Apple is unmatched in product quality , aesthetics , craftmanship , and customer service .
What I 'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory .
It is the best all around Mac .
Then to make matters worst , there is noone that they can transfer you to .
But with this laptop , the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny .
I had finally reached my limit and broke down .
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability .
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently .
Maximum sound is n't nearly as loud as it should be .
LOVE IT I 've always been an apple fan boy , but never had the money to buy a mac , only ipads and iphones , and this is my first mac , blew me away completely .
I am very happy with this laptop .
I do n't have any technical pearls to share .
The Bluetooth was not there at all , and the fingerprint reader driver would be there , but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done .
Gave phonenumber .
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing , email checking , word processing , and watching a movie or two , this is the machine you want .
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all .
It crashes , and when it goes flat , it just DIES ( like a PC , maybe worse ) and I loose all my open documents !
But I needed a laptop for school use .
I was a little worry at first because I do n't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows .
The brand of iTunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now , but keep in mind that Apple started it all .
Also stunning colors and speedy
The battery life is also relatively good .
The item received was exactly as identified .
IT WANT TAKE IT , IT KEEP SAYING ERROR .
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser .
Accordingly , I have decided to NEVER purchase another HP product ( my five year old Compaq ) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed .
They need to stop outsoucing and send some complaint calls to US based customer service agents for those who live in the United states .
Love it so far .
Very long-life battery ( up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings ) .
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook !
The battery life seems to be very good , and have had no issues with it .
Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another , and I am not kidding you , I called different hours of the day and you 'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again , since they make it sound like they do n't have your history list of your calls right in front of them .
I 'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba .
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive .
at first !
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move .
Not to mention it has shit gigs .
but after i got used to it i love it .
I like it !
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY .
Sure , the initial out of pocket expense is greater , but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet , and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs , it probably comes out about even anyhow .
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market .
Lord HAVE MERCY !
I am using the external speaker - sound is good .
I can actually get work done with this MAC , and not fight with it like my tired old PC laptop .
Besides the great look , it is a great machine .
I love my Samsung TV and Galaxy S smartphone , but this Netbook was a very poor computer .
This is my first apple laptop .
Yet my mac continues to function properly .
Do not buy it !
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ( " Ivy Bridge " ) , not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has .
Even so , I like playing online games , so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows .
I have a business website and every time I have to change something I have to go to the public library to use a PC .
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM , the computer was kinda slow .
And if you do a lot of writing , editing is a problem since there is no forward delete key .
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it .
Good bye BLUE SCREEN and Critical errors !!!!
upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told , was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired .
I enjoy having apple products .
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models .
So , I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff ) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up .
My last laptop was a 17 " ASUS gaming machine , which performed admirably , but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life , I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome , not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago .
I really wanted a Mac over a pc because I used a Mac in high school .
When i finally held it in my hands i kissed it , yes i did .
Was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience .
I WANT MY L505-s5988 BACK !
I like it so much , I bought another just for my wife .
Despite the plethora of problems , I managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years .
Deal of the year .
I would buy it again in a heartbeat !
I was always against them but now I buying one I 'll never go back to PC .
This item is a beautiful piece , it works well , it is easy to carry and handle .
CONS : Price is a bit ridiculous , kinda heavy .
Two times with in one month .
Love it .
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it .
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space ( 500GB instead of 320GB ) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk .
As an owner of a Toshiba Satalite laptop computer things you should know before you buy .
returned it to walmart .
They have more problems then a 1980 's computer .
the only down fall is that it has no cd drive but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have .
They would repair one thing , send it back and it would still have the same problem .
The battery lasts as advertised ( give or take 15-20 minutes ) , and the entire user experience is very elegant .
lots of preloaded software .
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle .
The MacBook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic .
This machine delivers .
But while this is one big advantage ( as you may know from the company s recent commercials ) there are other things to consider before going with Apple .
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK !!!
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card , but still requires a return .
I have had a Mac for 6 years and wo n't go back to PC .
In those three years , I 've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily .
I will never buy anything from HP again !
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better .
I returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund .
I had it four months when my disc drive refused to open .
So needless to day , I 'm not happy .
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid .
i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes .
I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables ( which is my purpose of writing this con ) as variables could be a bigger future problem .
I 've always owned a PC and decided to try a MacBook to see what it 's all about .
By the way teachers , they offer a discount which helps !
I was informed that I need to call some 0900 number first .
I wanted a simple , reliable laptop .
this is one of the reasons I purchased it .
So if you want a good machine that does almost anything this is the one , if you want a low budget computer then look at the other great brands Best Buy sells .
3 ) Horrible customer support
I would say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful .
This was a gift for my grand son .
Best money I ever spent .
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff .
And now I am a proud MacBook owner also !
After paying over $ 1000 for this computer , it was not worth it .
Amazing machine .
I bought this Mac book pro along with a new 27 " iMac and while they are still light years more reliable than a PC I have noticed a decline in the reliability of my Mac computers .
Apparently they 're not special anymore .
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION .
Really great ... Well let me start at the beginning .
Out of all the laptops I have owned , this is by far the best !
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months .
Well , I have to say since I bought my Mac , I wo n't ever go back to any Windows .
System is running great .
So , owing to these problems , I went out and got myself an Apple MacBook Pro , which I am using with great satisfaction at this very moment .
So far , I have no complaints .
I bought this Mac in order to replace my old Dell laptop .
I have used different laptops in the past and I have to rate this one way above the rest .
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing .
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life .
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere .
But for those of you that dont have a mac and are still on the PC 's this is a good foot in the door into mac .
I only used it to browse the internet and and I dont know how many times it has spontaniously shut down and it is just a blank screen now .
Looks nice , but has a horribly cheap feel .
The technical support was not helpful as well .
But , like I said before , the only reason I do n't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey .
It 's small but powerful , light but strong , elegant and beautiful ... In resume : it 's a Mac !
Its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop .
One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it , the next day I turn it on , no GUI , screen all dark , power light steady , hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does .
I highly recommend this product !
It is the easiest computer I have ever used
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used , and the command prompt would not work at all .
- I propose that I can just swap the hard drives .
We researched and found the best price at MacConnection .
Extremely disappointed with the way it is .
I 've have n't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off .
I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty , so I got a new one and some other fixes they found .
Not easy to carry .
while it was barely a bargin in the begining , i would never purchase another dell and would not recomend the dell brand to others .
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac !
the screen brightness automatically adjusts .
However , I can refute that OSX is " FAST " .
The letter A stopped working after the first week .
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied .
I now realize that my $ 900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop .
This computer is not cheap and represent an achievement for me .
Just do n't waste your time and money on this .
It 's all a bit magical .
I think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and I need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed .
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame .
The laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed .
3D rendering slows it down considerably .
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook , does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses .
This is especially disheartening when Apple prides itself as the choice of creative professionals .
the manufacturer 's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts .
After a couple of years , my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery .
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3 .
I 'm not going to lie , I 've never really liked the Acer brand in general .
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself .
One , owning a mac is essentially a full production studio ( in the case of a mac book a portable version ) .
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up .
If I had to buy another computer , I would most definetly buy an acer one computer .
The internet speed is spectacular .
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place , , , it 's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words , sentences , paragraphs because of this mousepad .
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART , I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM .
This machine rocks !
This thing sucks !
I have no problems yet on my mac so far , and hope it stays like that .
The Toshiba Mini Notebook , Model NB 305-N410BL , is a great little computer .
Just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute , but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card .
Would do business again .
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like .
Awesome form factor , great battery life , wonderful UX .
They click .
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again .
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports .
I love this program , it is superior to windows movie maker .
So , I 'm cooled on Mac buys .
If you get a lemon ( I have two thirds of my Macs ) , you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it , even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers .
I just love my Mac !
I 've owned this labtop for less then two months , already the mouse button has broke .
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop !
It seems to have some opions that are intalled but do not work like I thought they would .
the mouse on the pad , the left button always sticks .
I have had no luck with staples or HP to resolve this problem .
Very nice so far .
I had less problems .
I am totally satisfied with my little toshie !
I went with him and we picked this one .
I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours .
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused , because they knew it was trouble .
They are closed at 9pm eastern .
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price .
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy .
the place we bought it from said that after they send it out to gateway 4 times they would give us a new one .
this is starting off good .
The machine itself is alright .
I did not like my acer .
It is as good as new .
User upgradeable RAM and HDD .
This laptop is a great buy .
But let me tell you , the mac book pro is so professional .
mac is extremely different than any other laptop .
I bought a cordless mouse for it , but do n't always take it out ;
This was a significantly more affordable than getting a new MacBook Pro from Apple .
My problem was with DELL Customer Service .
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops .
But the arm velcro is torn after one use .
I always swore by PCs and would never consider a MAC .
My kids ( and dogs ) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them .
I 've had hp desktop for over 4 yrs now and not one days goes by that i do n't regret buying it .
The apple macbook pro nothing to say butprofessionally great and outstanding .
It 's not a wear-and-tear issue , not due to user carelessness and most importantly , they CA N'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome .
Mac is not made for gaming .
also the battery is completely shot .
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop .
My MacBook Pro is no exception .
I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat .
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro .
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs , when they are available since I asked .
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you .
Remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product .
I like this machine because its very lightweight ...
I was really happy because it is a much better price on amazon.com than it was in the Mac store .
Granted , it 's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops , my Mac boots up noticeably quicker .
The ultimate graduation gift .
This ai n't it .
Of course , for a student , weight is always an issue .
If this would be your first Mac purchase then I would highly suggest that you take advantage of the class that they offer to learn about the differences between Mac and PC 's .
It has worked fine .
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would .
PDF files can be viewed instantly .
Screen is a bit glossy , but that 's not too bad .
I took it back to the store and exchanged it for another one .
Ca n't wait until I go on vacation and take it with me .
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds .
I have owned many different brands of laptops in my life .
It is easy to use , good quality and good price .
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go .
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones .
I love how easy every thing is to do on my Apple products .
Just a bunch of idiots who 's English as a 5th language is forced at best .
It did fairly well , other than it 's poor performance , overheating and occational blue screen .
Instead it is sitting in West Verginia waiting for UPS to take two days to send Me a box and Two days for them to ship the computer some 691 miles by air ? to Louisville Ky .
I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned ...
2nd Mac book I have purchased from MacConnection .
Completely worth every single penny dime and nickel .
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC 's .
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend .
I went from a Macbook to this Mac Mini and this was a great upgrade !
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it ( iPhoto , iMovie , iWeb , iTunes , GarageBand ) is all very helpful as well .
This is perfect for her field .
Besides being elegant , the MacBooks are durable .
This is what they told me : It heats up , and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops , and simply categorize them as portables .
Apple care included .
It doesnt overheat or make any loud noises .
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working ( 3 months of use ) which was frustrating .
The " abuse " is that I pushed the power plug in too hard .
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English .
Lastly , Windows 8 is annoying .
What a waste .
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it .
In the short time of one month since the 2012 Mac Mini was released there are well over 1000 posts regarding this issue and the numbers keep rising .
It is , however , very heavy .
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $ 900 + level only , and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU ( similar to the $ 799 Mini ) , with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card ( this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card ) , and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse , all put together in neat and nice package .
For those that care about noise this thing does n't really make any ;
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem ( after spending about 2 hours with me ) , so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem .
As a lifelong Windows user , I was extremely pleased to make the change to Mac .
The great 18 month same as cash financing and Advance Protection Plan which includes accidents like spills .
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in .
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours , but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours .
It 's super fast and a great value for the price !
I know that ASUS is known for making motherboards , but this is the worst computer experience that I have ever had .
I can not even imaging going back to a PC after using this wonderful computer .
I bought this one for my 11 year old and the MacBook Air for my 9 year old .
I respond that I do not have the old computer ...
I had the same reasons as most PC users : the price , the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games .
Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook ?
i try to use it today and I ca n't logon .
But if you ca n't make your product last more than a year , you will not get my business again .
The troubleshooting said it was the AC adaptor so we ordered a new one .
I purchased this laptop 9 months ago !
This computer was awful , I would never recomend it to another person .
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one .
My friends or children use that when they need to borrow the Net =) When I out grow this Meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one ANd I will be buying only TOSHIBA !
It was a bad experience but i played down its importance .
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone .
Handles all my basic media needs easily .
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store .
you will not regret it , promise you !
Still , this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work .
apple is one of the best computer companies in the country .
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures .
I just fell in love with this thing .
It 's a nice little gadget .
I love the solid machined aluminum frame , and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I 've used .
It is the perfect size and speed for me .
Have n't regretted it one bit .
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer .
Oh yea , has no numeric pad on the side .
I also liked the glass screen .
Now I know !
I will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when I do so I do n't run accross a situation like this again !
- They say it will take " up to two weeks " .
Also the display is exceptional !
Price and purpose is awesome !
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem .
We did n't because it was already over 2,400 dollars !
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid , ( mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed ) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out .
Runs like a champ .....
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard .
The Apple MC371LL/A 2.4 Ghz 15.4-inch MacBook Pro Notebook is a horrible waste of money .
I think that was a great decision to buy
The only thing that can be updated is the video , other than that you 're all set .
Very happy with my purchase .
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes .
Now , the next issue I had freaked me out .
Quality Display I love HP , , it 's the only computer/printer we will buy .
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great ( I even put it to the test by accident ) - excellent innovation !
The price premium is a little much , but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash .
My hp G60-244dx died after only 16 months .
Honestly , I am surprised no one else has mentioned returning theirs .
Much of which HP ended up paying for .
The laptop is gorgeous .
I would like to use a different operating system altogether .
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that ar n't worth what they are being charged for , this model 's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name .
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great .
Waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
I do not plan on going back .
fast , great screen , beautiful apps for a laptop ; priced at 1100 on the apple website ; amazon had it for 1098 + tax - plus i had a 10 % off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax - 1070 - OTD !
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties ( which cost more than the netbook new ) then they are in helping or fixing .
However , the machine itself left a bit to be desired .
Downfalls : sharp edges .
Finally , I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time .
Quick and has built in virus control .
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable .
Few viruses to catch ;
I 'm going back to PC .
Purchased for development purposes , but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing , e-mail , etc .
That being said after 2 weeks of owning every time I start it up now it gives me a black screen for 5-8 seconds stating pxe-e61 media test error check cable .
I plan on using my MacBook Pro for a long time .
The baterry is very longer .
I went from BestBuy to Dell , Windows to Apple .
You might think , I am new in this game , but I am a gadget lover , and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years , and none gets this hot , that fast .
Runs smooth and quick .
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
- Managed to send complaint email .
This just keeps having it 's hard drive replaced !
It all just makes sense .
Enjoy using Microsoft Office !
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar .
Even doing so , the hinge may just be slightly tightened only .
It 's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs .
It 's been time for a new laptop , and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops , and whether to spring for the retina display .
At $ 1899 to start , this is no cheap machine .
The laptop is very lightweight , can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight .
Enjoy your sitdown
It has been to early to see if this actually fixes the problem or not though .
A couple things you should know :
I bought it for really cheap also and it 's AMAZING .
My wireless system would not recognize Windows 7 and I could n't get online to find out why .
Moving from a PC to Mac has never been easier , and I 'm glad that I did it .
Turns out this is a common problem .
The only thing that I do n't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to .
I have owned macbook pros since 2005 and this is the best yet !
There is nothing better .
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions .
So honestly , I was n't expecting anything less than perfection , and I was n't disappointed .
I would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of grabage .
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos .
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me .
After years of using PCs , a new Mac user is basically forced to re-learn how to use a computer .
its not bad just VERY VERY annoying .
I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS .
A longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it 's spec quite easily .
Best commuter I have ever owned .
I would recomend this acer to parents and grandparents it can really help them in school .
I had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was .
This device has met my expectations and I 'm sure it will meet yours .
I needed a laptop with big storage , a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem .
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
It 's so useable and responsive .
I was not aware that this product can not display websites that contain Flash .
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8 .
They were great in handling this problem , and I 'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future .
But the Macbook is the best !
It 's absolutely wonderful and worth the price !
I have had some excellent computer and have found I had no idea what to do with them
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated .
- Bluetooth ( 2.1 ) , Fingerprint Reader , Full 1920x1080 screen - Integrated Mic/Webcam * - Dual touchpad mode is interesting , and easy to use -5 USB ports - Runs about 38-41C on idle , Up to 65 ( for me ) on load - Very quiet - I could go on and on .
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use , and would not move past this error .
Solution : it turned out to be pretty simple .
I love it and would recommend it to everyone who is tired of the constant attention PC 's require .
So , buyers beware !
True quality at a great price !
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out .
The Mac Mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there .
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer .
Typically , when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience .
It is extremely fast and very compact .
It is everything that I would want in a computer .
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect .
it is the worst computer dell ever made .
Overall though , for the money spent it 's a great deal .
My Macbook was worth ( after 3 years of use ! ) $ 375 .
( 3DMARK6 score is only 8500 ) .
If you are looking for something reliable , this is the laptop for you .
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare .
All you get is a box and a computer .
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well .
Windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs .
I would buy this lap top over and over again !
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully .
I use this for my tutoring business , and since I 'm always bouncing from student to student , it is ideal for portability and battery life ( yes , it gets the 8 hours as advertised ! ) .
It is made better , thicker , and all out tough !
Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini .
I was very worried about making the two compatible - but literally , it was so simple I was almost worried that I was doing something wrong .
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking .
The design is awesome , quality is unprecedented .
I had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly .
Images are crisp and clean .
It is always reliable , never bugged and responds well .
Good for every day computing and web browsing .
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing , I took it for granted that these features were standard .
It 's fast , it 's easy easy easy to set up , easy to hook to my wireless network .
I found it toughest to decide between Dell ultra books and Apple .
The speed , the simplicity , the design . . it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned .
It 's a good fix , in my opinion .
It is easy to navigate and update programs .
This laptop does everything I need it to very well .
I liked the aluminum body .
The OS is easy , and offers all kinds of surprises .
This has happened three times so far .
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac , and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $ 60 500gb external hard drive .
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time .
I bought this laptop and found its TAB is not functioning .
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6 " .
I Love my new computer !
Just What I Needed For Portable And My Wallet Too !
No I am generous calling it slow .
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything .
Maybe not the cutting edge ( Satellite L455D ) but it is a workhorse .
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all .
This laptop leaves alot to be desired , I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice ...
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer .
Fan noise : The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background .
So having the AC plug go out on me and get lose or I could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good .
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection , or the page ca n't be displayed .
return it .
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003 .
I upgraded it 's RAM to 2GB , I am very happy with it .
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and " fixed " the edges by rounding them off .
This computer does everything i need it to do for school and more .
Do n't waste your money or time .
My next laptop will also be a Mac !
I got this one for thanks giving Offer for $ 962 :) .
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport .
It is light and the battery last a very long time .
There is nothing to complain about the system .
I do n't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included .
Once again , I was told it was the suspicious power supply problem .
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion , so I kind of knew what I was getting , but had n't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features .
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up .
It provides much more flexibility for connectivity .
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark .
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly .
I really wish I had done this years ago .
The screen is n't huge , but that does n't matter when I output media to the 50 inch LCD TV .
Sure hope Best Buy will replace it asap .
This system is not worth the money or trouble trying to get it fix .
I love it !
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE .
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to , so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased .
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up .
Long story , but after many calls to various offices , I was told that no one can override the depot and that managers do n't take phone calls or e/mails .
It looks and feels solid , with a flawless finish .
I 'm just really happy that I waited to buy , because this thing kicks a $ $ !
Well , I bought this laptop a month or two ago .
I 'm no regular customer I hate wasting my time with hellos and how can I help you 's .
It is her first laptop and she is thrilled .
It was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax .
Each time taking about 1 day or so .
Best Buy laughed when I told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks .
That day !
There were no scratches or dents or any marks at all .
Other Thoughts : Received replacement 16 Days later .
And inconvenient !
Although I was promised about 10 hours , I found myself to a limited 7 hours ( which is still amazing ) .
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off .
I 've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts .
It is robust , with a friendly use as all Apple products .
In the shop , these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it , get it home , break the seal and use it ( very clever con ) .
Highly recommended !
The track pad to me is what really stands out though , you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad , awesome thinking Apple !
But , for the cost this is a winner .
It has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here .
I 've had my Macbook Pro since August 2009 .
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds .
Never any doubt I would get a MacBook , just was n't sure which one .
I am an Info Sys major in college , so I started researching this issue on my own .
I am pleased with the fast log on , speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life ( > 6 hrs ) .
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it , great value for the price .
A coupla months later , they change my hard drive .
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend .
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED ( THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST ) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED .
Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go .
I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 " Mountain Lion " .
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later .
In the past few years , I 've had terrible experiences with HP .
I burned my leg , after lifting it from my desk , and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table , so I can place it there .
The nicest part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation .
That seemed to solve the problem , till I wrote an article with semicolons in it .
Most of my papers could not be saved and when they could be , half the time , the papers were then erased .
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they do n't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys .
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working .
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and can not be downloaded .
I work in film editing and post production , so I need a laptop that not only has power , but memory and speed as well .
I ca n't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up .
I had my PC laptop for 3 years and going to a MacBook Pro is like I leaped through time .
The Awesomest of the awesomest .
Take the simple , easy solution to your computer problems and stop waiting and smacking your old computer around .
Good luck with your purchase options .
The Windows 7 Starter is , in my opinion , a great way to think about using your netbook : basics , basics , basics .
Overall , this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from .
Screen is awesome , battery life is good .
By Air sounds more like by truck to Me .
PC never worked right even after BIOS fixed .
Overall the computer is very easy to use , the screen is perfect , great computer , my daughter loves .
The only thing is that the battery wo n't last more than 1/2 an hour .
Overall : Poor , Features : Average , Performance : Poor , Battery Life : Excellent , Price-Value : Poor
Still not bad for 220.00 .
Buying a Mac Mini would allow me to make the transition .
It just works flawlessly !
The dv4 boasted a faster processor , more memory , and a bigger hard drive than my old computer , plus a better quality web cam , nicer screen , and many other features .
It allows you to automatically upload photos to your Facebook account with one click .
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated , but once you get past the initial expense you 'll find that they 're worth every penny ( besides , there 's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers ) .
Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad , keys , and casing .
This is my second MACBOOK PRO and it 's better than ever .
So do n't get it .
I love this laptop , and use it everyday to do something , and never lets me down .
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down ( the nail slot on the card can not be accessed ) , if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue , but its not .
But the quality , in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop .
The right speaker did not work .
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning .
The only pro to this computer is it was under $ 600 !
Every day I had this computer , something failed on it .
I 've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory .
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights .
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro .
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly !
Programs would crash all the time , and it turned out to be a very unstable , unreliable laptop for me .
Thank God for " ctrl Z " Bottom line , I 've been using laptops since the mid 90s and probably the majority of brands out there .
I 'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product .
Overall , I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC .
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3 .
BEST BUY - 5 STARS + + + ( sales , service , respect for old men who are n't familiar with the technology ) DELL COMPUTERS - 3 stars DELL SUPPORT - owes a me a couple
The ease of use is wonderful .
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great .
Not a bad laptop , it 's a bit slow , but gets the job done .
They are simpler to use .
As it turns out , I just did n't know any better .
I have owned it only two months !
* IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP , THIS IS NOT IT !
When I turned it on , nothing .
That 's right , no power , absolutely NOTHING .
Would HIGHLY recommend this netbook though .
The pro is a great product , I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge ( the edges hurt my wrists ) .
I wish it had a webcam though , then it would be perfect !
However , you have to adjust yourself to what it will do , not what you want it to do .
Summary : Dont buy HP .
Hopefully Amazon will take this back .
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen .
Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer .
I blame the Mac OS .
it is really expensive though .
Its the best , its got the looks , super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad ! . .
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack , I feel like I can do programming homework anywhere .
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support .
It was still working , but there was nothing on the screen .
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site , then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works .
BTW , I checked online regarding the old laptop that ' died ' and found that I was not alone , far from it .
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate .
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops .
The only solution is to turn the brightness down , etc .
A * big * upgrade from my 13 " 2006 macbook .
i have had my dell latitude for almost three years .
It is also very lightweight , making transporting this computer very easy .
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning .
ANd I babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke .
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games ( WoW ) to Photoshop , but nothing professionally .
Numerous problems over the next 3 weeks until I got the blue screen of death and had to send the PC back to HP .
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive .
I think it was seventy nine plus tax .
The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities .
-4 RAM slots , 2 HDD Bays * , 16GB RAM support - No Wireless Issues , at least for me .
I LOVE IT !
I bought my first MacBook after seeing the product demonstrated .
They break down just as often as PCs do , and the only reason they do n't get viruses , is because no one makes viruses for them , they 're not better in any way , they are worse , try finding virus protection programs for a Mac , they do n't exist .
Quality Display I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop .
Love the graphics , awesome programs ( including Garageband ) , and really cool default background .
However , If I sound enthusiastic about this , I am !
Fully charged , the MacBook Pro can last about five hours unplugged .
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16 " laptop does .
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual , but substantive .
My sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason .
They said it was a computer error on this type of computer .
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing .
The Hewitt Packard Pavillion dv6700 was my first laptop , before this I had a Dell desktop that I loved .
All was well .
:) Great product , great price , great delivery , and great service .
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008 , we wanted Windows XP , but were told it would cost an extra $ 159 , so we went with Vista .
this is my second one and the same problem , bad video card unreliable overall , this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy .
taking it back less than 24 hours of purchase
Took a while to clean it up to my specs .
I was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews , but I 've found it fine to work with .
The screen is nice , side view angles are pretty good .
It 's so much easier to navigate through the operating system , to find files , and it runs a lot faster !
It was a huge monstrosity of a Laptop !
It has a overheating issue - nearly to the point of being dangerous .
This computer is exceptionally thin for it 's screen size and processing power .
If you 're not wanting to be mobile , this is a good laptop to sit on a desk .
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I 'm taking this year in college : - )
The macbook pro is really responsive .
In fact , he said , about 10 % of their products fail .
I previously purchased a 13 " macbook ( had pro specs and was aluminum style ) which had a nvidia 9800 ( If I am not mistaken ) and it had major heating issues .
Fast , great visual !
But I did n't want to spend another thousand on a laptop since my work already provides me with a PC .
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook , I have been very pleased with it , I have a laptob and a desktop .
i 'm returning mine
It is a great computer for that and I have to say I 'm happy I switched .
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy , and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer , which is also a mac .
Would buy 100 more of these if I could .
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services .
Summary : They played games with me for the warranty period .
Now for the hardware problems .
I came from the Dell Laptops and now I am so glad I switched when I needed a new laptop .
Do you think the shop will give me a new set ?? It will NOT !
It has happened again and I 'm being told that it 's $ 175 .
I work on a PC at home and have used Pc all through college .
I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily .
It would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required .
It really is perfect for work and play .
Look up recipes and keep it on the kitchen counter while I cook .
I had never owned a Mac before ;
My brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an Apple .
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop .
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped .
the internet can be an scary place its up to you on what you do with it .
But I 'm still learning so ca n't rate it yet for everything .
It allows me to do everything I need from a computer and more .
I have used both PCs and Macs and I have to say that I really really love my Mac Book Pro .
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing .
My previous purchases were with Dell and HP .
It 's now all commodity hardware .
Many people complain about the new OS , and it 's urgent for Apple to fix it asap !
I 've owned every " Pro " model Apple laptop for the last 8 years , this is BY FAR the WORST one I 've ever had .
* 2 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Called headquarters , they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is " on the top of the stack " .
Out of the box I noticed how small it was and was exactly what I was looking for .
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too .
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card .
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4 + people to report the damaged part will be returned late !
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years , and never a issue .
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon .
I already own an iPhone , and so the move just made more sense .
Couldnt not use it .
The 13 " Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product .
You will need them if you want to reload the OS ( I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal ) .
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac , which saves me a lot of time and money .
Sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size .
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET !
Let me start off by saying that I was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop .
I love the Apple products .
If you ask me , for this price it should be included .
Gradually the freezing screen evolved into a screen that froze in weird shapes .
Two of the times was in one month .
Satisfy what I paid for it .
And that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed .
The resolution on the screen is almost pure HD .
I bought this laptop so that the entire family had a computer in the living room ;
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB .
The mouse is a little bit different than what you 're used to though - it has one big flat panel and one full bar ( instead of two separate ones ) to click with - but you get used to it quite quickly .
5 ) Cut my losses and sold it for parts
Two , owning a 17 in.mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone .
It 's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable !
Keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling .
The screen shows great colors .
They do n't just look good ; they deliver excellent performance .
It was a hard decision for me since the MacBook Pro looked so appealing .
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products .
Originally bought it for my wife .
Did I mention everything about it , from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK ?
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad , alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too , I would recommend using a mouse with it .
Do n't waste their money , save it and but a mac .
THEN , one month after the warranty expired , the replacement charger went .
I might have read it incorrectly , but better safe than sorry right ?
It is sleek , smooth , and lightweight .
It is meant to be PORTABLE .
It 's fun to take to a bookstore , sit in the coffee shop area , sign in to WiFi and look up book reviews of books I might buy .
I thought the price was great for the specs .
it was shooting sparks !
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista .
As usual at customer service center , she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague ( I could see them ) .
Overall , this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase !
That was a big mistake .
I 'm all for saving money but Dell needs to step it up .
after trying to get some help he disconnected on me .
I bought for my son in the 2nd grade .
The Macbook is also made better , my computer has never got a virus , and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it .
10 plus hours of battery ...
Speakers do n't get that loud , but good enough .
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it .
The brand is tarnished in my heart .
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better .
They claim call center is still down .
If you really want a bang-up system and do n't need to run Windows applications , go with an Apple ;
I like it better than my big Dell Laptop .
The computer runs extremely slowly , whether opening Word or My Computer .
The computer was shipped to their repair depot on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned .
For me , keys were starting to get stuck and would n't type very well .
Added an iMac about 2 years later .
bought notebook 07/2009 .
but in resume this computer rocks !
I use that alot on my desktop , so I am adjusting to not having it .
I do n't have that additional money right now , and therefore would n't have purchased it at this time .
I also love the small , convenient size of my laptop , making it a perfect tool for my academic studies .
the features are great , the only thing it needs is better speakers .
the laptop preformed pretty well .
Now the screen is going darker , darker , darker .
The Unibody construction is solid , sleek and beautiful .
The display is beyond horrible .
Mom , Dad , Brother , sister , You name it !
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college .
The love part of my relationship with this laptop does n't take very long .
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days .
Bigger HD , better graphics card , and a bid HD .
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one .
From the start , when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine .
The latest and mightiest Macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of June 2009 .
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software , but there is no guarentee .
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you 're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I 've never used a computer that performs better .
The Macbooks worth every penny .
Do n't waste your money !
The OS is great .
while about 8 years ago , I hope that the quality has changed .
HUGE Apple MAC Fan !
Summary : Spend your money elsewhere
If you have the money I suggest going for the i7 .
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly , and multiple at a time if you sowish .
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice ;
My one complaint with this laptop is that I 've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in .
Until I bought the Dell , I thought you just looked for what you wanted ( size , software , options , hardware ) and purchase the best deal you could find .
Buy this if you like being tortured , teased , frustrated and wasting twice as much time as you spent using your old Mac .
So much faster and sleeker looking .
The computer was delivered as promised .
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky !!
Kind of annoying , but I still love the laptop .
This hardware seems to be better than the iMac in that it is n't $ 1400 and smaller .
EITHER WAY , THE KEYBOARD IS UNSATISFACTORY .
This one still has the CD slot .
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience !
This is an over-sized , 18-inch laptop .
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I 'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular .
I waited to review to make sure it is what it is .
As a computer science student in college , I find that the portability , longevity , and ease of use of this computer make me ( shockingly ) want to do homework more ;
My life has been enriched since I have been using Apple products .
Once you go Mac , you ca n't go back !
If you find yourself in the market for a new laptop ( and have the money ) do n't exclude looking at the MBPs .
The biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it .
I 'm pretty sure when I bought it , my bank account went ' ouch !
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista .
while the keyboard itself is alright , the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons .
My MacBook Pro works like a dream , it has never overheated , or even been slightly warm for that matter .
So , after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer , until it froze this morning -- completely .
Both my husband and I have this model Toshiba .
It is BLAZING fast !
HP Pavilion DV9000 Notebook PC When I first got this computer , it really rocked .
Even if you do n't do business , thats okay , it 's incredibly fast .
This is the first macbook I have ever had .
Overall a nice computer .
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites .
The lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months .
When I am at Starbucks between clients I get full bars on my HP and 1 bar on my Eee PC .
Enabling the battery timer is useless .
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought .
I made a photo book as a gift , on my computer , pushed " Buy " and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house , the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined .
A seventy dollar mouse !
It runs very quiet too which is a plus .
So far , so good .
The other day I had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town - lots of people , little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector , etc .
Summary : I 've had this laptop for 2 months , out of the blue the power adapter stops working .
Although my model was listed as recalled , HP denied my claim .
After using it for over a month , an issue started to surface .
This machine is flawless , fast , and classy .
It was weird .
they respond : " your dissatisfaction is noted " ...
I absolutely love my mac !
Having someone give you a quick tour of how to 's is the best .
They refuse .
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running .
I am most impressed with the programming , including the iPhoto .
There is a blank lighted screen when I start and that is all .
A tip for people looking into this computer : DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last .
Tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again .
Why not 5 stars ?
Graphics are much improved .
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use , stylish , fun , awesome computer .
I had a little problem adjusting to the small screen but works fine as long as I remember to carry my glasses .
Everything was up and running within 15 minutes of unboxing .
Do not purchase this laptop .
dell is a decently made pc .
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet , actually the fans are n't audible unlike my old pc
I also love the design , the looks , the feel , and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull .
I am very pleased with my purchase !
It 's not a recommendation , it ' a plea .
It was a great laptop , ran great and was really fast .
My real problem with it ? The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it 's a lie .
After talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate , I chose the MacBook Pro over the white MacBook .
I am a college student and it has been very useful .
Using this machine is like a mild form of torture .
It is easy to use and lightweight .
- Stay away from Apple , or hope you laptop does not break down .
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another .
And it 's so quiet that I do n't hear it at all .
5 months dead again .
They are about the same size keys .
Well , I had completed the presentation in powerpoint the night before on my PC , but took the Apple to the conference .
It 's a long and tirring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them .
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed .
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden .
She tells me about it all the time but I tend to shut off all cognitive functions when she gets that yapper going .
You just get a trial version either way .
Plain and simple , it ( laptop ) runs great and loads fast .
they will not let you down .
If anything , I would only suggest using one of these laptops if only you have to .
His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test , and it was failing .
I bought this eMachines Notebook PC in January of this year and I am highly dissatisfied with it .
DEFINITELY recommended !!!
Well , maybe more like week one .
I have had a black macbook since 2007 .
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good .
I 've been having endless problems since I bought the computer - only 1 month ago
Yeah , it 's super expensive .
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer .
I thought it would be a simple job .
I love the feel of the key board , as well as the trackpad .
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty , related to the graphics card .
i tried turning it done but it did nothing .
I work with kids and they love making short videos on there .
The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions .
Logic board utterly fried , cried , and laid down and died .
! Excelent performance , usability , presentation and time response .
All in all great item highly recommend it .
Wonderful zooming .
I 'm done with WinDoze computers .
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service .
Obviously we both got new Macs .
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly .
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for .
Applications open in seconds and there are no lags , hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea .
I am still in the process of learning about its features .
I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
Needless to say a PC that ca n't support a cell phone is less than useless !
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks .
Reason why ? It 's because when you buy it , you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop , the price will stay the same for the next year , and even if Apple does decides to change mode , your laptop value will only drop 10-20 % , unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80 % .
I got what I paid for .
Who knows what will happen later on when they dismantle the whole damn thing ? So , I said I wanted a new set .
he ca n't stand it .
It was old but it was not till we bought the Dell did we realize how great it was .
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful !
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior .
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense .
I highly recommend that you buy this product .
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing ;
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac .
Product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan
Oh , boy !
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop .
You can do absolutely anything and is very fast and stylish .
even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty .
I will not be using that slot again .
It has no camera but , I can always buy and install one easy .
I ca n't imagine EVER buying a PC again !
it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk .... this is in an un-air conditioned room ..... in air condition it gets slightly warm ......
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in ( mousing over the battery icon would read , for example , " 74 % , plugged in , not charging " ) , requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge .
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours .
If you 're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game , you 'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market .
The computer continued to give me issues and in Late June it completely died again and I tried to call Acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me , they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me .
I 'm Very disappointed in Dell .
If you could stretch by a few 100 dollars I highly recommend you should replace your Windows laptop with this one .
the two of us use it regularly .
Recommended to people as their first laptop .
Amazing Performance for anything I throw at it .
But the mountain lion is just too slow .
The cons are more annoyances that can be lived with .
I have never had it crash , randomly turn off ,
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer , was a six month trial .
Congratulations Asus for creating one big piece of dump which is my laptop .
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $ 2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $ 1000
And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse .
I can do pretty much 75 % of what I do on my desktop on my kitchen table .
The battery gets so HOT it is scary .
The only thing that is n't perfect about this netbook is the speakers , they are not loud at all but I expected that .
Excellent product for the money .
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in .
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini .
We both recently got new laptops .
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro , the monitor has completely died .
It is a big big , but since it has a 18.4 " screen what would you expect !
User friendly , fast and high tech It is amazing !
- I give up on my data , I just want a computer reasonably fast ...
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase .
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade .
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys .
do a quick search on the internet see if im the only one .
I spent months looking for a good laptop for me and I finally found it !
It 's more expensive but well worth it in the long run .
For my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin ( it happened 7 months ago ) they offered me an ITouch 8Gig ( you know it is a bit insulating when a company this rich , offer a loyal customer like me , a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this ) .
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution .
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did , and I have all of the programs that were on my PC .
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once , it never slows down .
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing .
It 's just what we were looking for and it works great .
and then , a guy came out to serve me instead .
No complaints for an Apple product .
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty .
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive .
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here .
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with .
Most everything is fine with this machine : speed , capacity , build .
Bought this gateway M-50 or 150 early 2007 .
: - ) If you buy this - do n't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life , and you 'll be perfectly satisfied .
It is better than my old acer laptop .
I 've had this laptop for about a month now .
It pretty much does everything we could ever need , and looks great to boot .
The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money .
All the problems I have had with PC 's are solved with a Mac : the issue of overheating-my Dell was always overheating and not working properly or simply shutting off , and the issue of viruses and contaminants-my HP completely quit working within2 years of purchasing it , with no inexpensive way of fixing it .
Boots up fast and runs great !
Not worth it one bit .
All I will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap Vaio .
They only stay charged a little over an hour .
When I took it back to Best Buy I asked them if they were seriously trying to drive me insane !
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard .
I paid for a new laptop , but was sent a used one .
They are asking me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site .
The Toshiba Satellite laptop is DESIGNED to fail !
The first one I had was a 2006 model , not the Pro .
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off , after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit , and the screen has a terrible glare .
The wheel that turns the volume up and down does n't work in real time .
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game .
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made .
With a healthy pessimism , I took the machine home and tried to find a flaw .
It 's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks .
it 's just a great toy to have around .
I or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything .
However , the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary ( unless you 're gaming ) .
It was also suffering from hardware ( keyboard ) issues , relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime .
I love windows 7 but i ca n't give Toshiba any credit for that , unless y' all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time .
Do I like the computer ? Well , other than not getting viruses , I guess it is OK .
The ease of set up was terrific .
Simple to use , and great graphics .
At first when I got this product , I loved it .
but it came back in even worse shape .
Searched it on amazon and on bestbuy .
Got this Mac Mini with OS X Mountain Lion for my wife .
Additionally , there is barely a ventilation system in the computer , and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot , and in fact impossible to keep on lap .
Its also FUN to use !
It is fast booting up , shutting down , and connection with the internet .
This computer does n't do that well with certain games it ca n't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games .
Only a few days after I received the computer back , the screen froze again .
I loved it .
The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket .
It is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me .
My Iphone synced right up just like a person would expect , unlike the PCs in our lives .
My children wo n't even use it for their school work .
Exactly that , users .
I even got my teenage son one , because of the features that it offers , like , iChat , Photobooth , garage band and more !
Not too much " junk " software to remove .
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me ( I prefer it dark ) or if you can crank up the brightness .
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE !!!
The battery life , before the battery completely died of course , left much to be desired .
Set up was a breeze .
Compared to similarly spec 'd PCs , this machine is good value , well built and works easily right out of the box .
It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program .
The performance seems quite good , and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera .
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time .
It 's slow and one day i hope to have the money to get rid of it and buy something else .
Long story short , since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one , I did n't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop , but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year , they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services , they finally gave in .
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing .
It has everything you need to get the job done .
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac !
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer .
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value .
The touchpad is extremely sensitive , which is the only drawback .
So if you move laptop a lot , it might get loose , however it sits pretty tightly .
99 to fix it .
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers .
I 'm a professional consultant , and a client needed work on her machine .
My husband purchased a laptop at the same time for about $ 300 less ( he got a pc ) .
It took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back .
Peformance is good for the price .
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers .
I 'm new - just switched from years of PC frustration .
The performance is definitely superior to any computer I 've ever put my hands on .
Runs good and does the job , ca n't complain about that !
Purchased as a gift for a friend .
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free , even without the warranty .
About 1/2 of the sites I need to visit because of my work contain some type of Flash .
I wish I would have taken the plunge years ago .
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum .
It should n't happen like that , I do n't have any design app open or anything .
This netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop ( my wife and I have another laptop ) , or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks .
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations .
They basically told me that the machine would be problem free now .
It 's a joke .
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it .
2nd Best computer in the world only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches to make less easier for people to hack into
? I am only interested in the 15.4 McBook Pro Model # MD103LL/A
The OS is fast and fluid , everything is organized and it 's just beautiful .
A great feature is the spotlight search : one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword , rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document .
Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I could n't .
Everything I wanted and everything I needed and the price was great !
I did have to replace the battery once , but that was only a couple months ago and it 's been working perfect ever since .
This machine is A-mazing .
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I ca n't play it because its not compatable with the software .
Their products , including the MBP , are beautiful , sleek and clever .
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks , and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them .
Small enough to use on a long flight , Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips .
I have recently converted back to a mac and I could n't be happier !
I was said it 's videocard .
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines .
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at , the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance .
Easy to set up and go !
The acer one compuer is a great computer .
They do n't seem to be susceptible to viruses , which is one less big thing to worry about when it comes to computers .
If you had PC for four years I can almost gaurentee that something would of gone wrong by now , maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer .
I have n't used the product long enough to write a detailed technical review .
might have to buy one for me now , since I use it all the time .
THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
To me it 's a workhorse ... and quiet as can be ... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to Uncle Sam ... Definite Buy ...
Best Buy was great as always and accepted the return and gave me another model 1764 .
He did n't work for sony , he was just approved to fix their crappy products .
I had to return it because it would n't even start .
But sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the BIOS again and shut down and would not turn back on .
Again - windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with !
Returned laptop for a 4th repair and it came back but now would lock up and randomly reboot frequently making the laptop unusable .
I was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure .
Okay , let 's just start out by saying I am in no way a computer techy .
I previously owned an HP desktop and a Dell laptop .
There is NO way I will buy a LG product in the future .
Taking it anywhere was a pain !
Needs constant repair .
I play a lot of casual games online , and the touchpad is very responsive .
I like the operating system .
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me , but I have just been using firefox instead .
NO STAR FOR THIS TRASH . [ ...
My wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine , and any connections I turn on should work .
They freeze all the time .
It has all the expected features and more + plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard .
Before i bought my new i5 , I did my research for about 2 weeks and determined to move for HP to Apple for reliability , dependable , and long lasting operations .
Very fast for my needs .
I wanted to explore what the Mac was all about .
It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium -- delivered with only 1GB of RAM , and it was a * dog * .
So this was great for me .
I would say that 85 % of the design industry is Mac for good reason .
I 'd recommend this laptop to anyone !
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed .
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue .
The aluminum body sure makes it stand out .
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute .
I go to purchase it on line , and I find out that the device will not be available until almost two months later !
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop .
The battery holds up well , it 's built very solidly , and runs fast .
The flaws are , this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
Sorry Toshiba , but 1st impressions do count for something .
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely .
It 's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with .
This computer I used daily nice compact design .
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC !!
Obviously , this Macbook is P-E-R-F-E-C-T for me because it does exactly what I need in an easy-to-function way .
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use .
Do your research on this issue .
I paid about the same for my Toshiba as I did for the compaq a few years back .
I am loving the fast performance also .
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare .
The extended warranty for the $ 4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu .
Either way I 'm furious .
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it .
I purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email .
One of them seems to have worked .
My son and his family have a hard time financially because he is self-employed so the family had no computer of any kind , and kyle the oldest child is 12 and really need something to help him in school .
Good price .
It was about six months later when the overheating problem started again , to the point it felt like fire on the bottom of the machine !
The built quality is really good , I was so Happy and excited about this Product .
In addition , there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture .
I was tired of going without my laptop every few weeks .
If your time is worth anything to you , if you are tired of rebooting , reformatting , reinstalling , trying to find drivers , if you want a computer to work for you for a change , make the change to this computer .
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard does n't light up on this model .
Will probably never buy a HP again .
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen , hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd 's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork .
again this is just my personal honest opinion .
i dont understand why i spent twice as much to get a laptop rather than a desktop when my lap top is completely immoble .
I 've been a PC user and I just finally switched and I am never going back .
Took that one home , same thing .
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately .
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop .
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool ? The after sales support is terrible .
It was heavy , bulky , and hard to carry because of the size .
This computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling .
My favorite by far , although the most expensive , was my Sony .
With today 's company fighting over marketshare , its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone .
Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore , Apple does n't even offer it anymore !
This comes in very handy for me as an educator .
All in all , a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service .
I bought mine from Apple Store the day it was released as Amazon did n't have it yet .
My MacBook is probably the best investment I have ever made .
Also , one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp , if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells , it does n't seem to be a problem .
everything about a mac is wonderful , it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system , but you will learn fast and its all worth it .
This is my first computer purchase
I am currently out of town and called to inform them the broken part would be returned when I got back in town .
One suggestion I do have , is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC .
Small and still VERY powerful .
I needed something affordable from Apple and was tired of dealing with PC laptop after PC laptop .
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her , it 's very lightweight , and the response for the computing she 's doing ( Internet focused activity : mail , research , etc. ) is excellent ;
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer ( when they have a certain promotion/offer going , of course ) !
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop .
Also , I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines .
The only downfall is the volume control .
I got the first " Blue screen of death " in the early part of July .
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials .
But after using it a couple of weeks , the overall operation is poor .
After 5 months of failed repairs , requested a full refund but was refused and it still is not repaired and Acer is indifferent to the issue .
I 've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense .
Hope this helped !
In due course , I 'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash .
A MONTH LATER , we reinstall the OS ( Vista ) .
And at one point , they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop ( I bought the memory stick they recomended ) .
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys .
I have loved this since i took it out of the box .
First it burned or fused the power adapter plug .
I love the keyboard .
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have wo n't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it .
It 's wonderful for computer gaming .
The guy then said that if I insist on having the hinge tightened , they can do it for me but I have to accept the condition after the " repair " .
The battery does n't last long but I 'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem .
I am very happy with my first Mac .
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it .
First of all , they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I 'd paid almost $ 400 for , and I had to call in , spend hours on their online chat service , and fax in multiple documents .
Please , anyone who is considering getting this computer , stop .
I can not be happier with the service or product .
Though you get a polite person , you often don t get a solution .
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one .
I bought it for college and so far it 's amazing !
During that time , I had to send it back 3 times .
And the ram ( the thing that makes it faster ) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before .
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files .
That 's quite a bump up from the $ 599 that this little guy sells for , which leaves me to my next point .
I should have sent it back to them then .
Note , however , that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection .
Second HDD cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one .
I was considering buying the Air , but in reality , this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient , even though it 's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier .
This Macbook Pro is fast , powerful , and runs super quiet and cool .
i will be returning it and switching brands when i get to best buy .
There 's literally no way to make it sing with Vista .
Took me 11 hours , 3 trips to different FedEx offices , and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse IT support technicians in the world .
It was quite easy .
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS .
It still seems to be a little lose now but so far seems to be hanging in there .
I would recommend this product .
I can never go back to a PC now , this machine never freezes or has any problems .
I would recommend Mac , and do , to anyone looking to buy a new computer .
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler , quicker , and easier .
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a " different " computer .
Needs longer lasting battery , More than 1 to 2 Hrs .
I just love this lap top , I just wish it were all silver or they had all black .
The new MacBook is lightyears ahead of my old white plastic MacBook circa 2006 .
I just bought the new MacBook Pro , the 13 " model , and I ca n't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports .
Have one myself and Love it !
It is so simple to use , I use it more than my desktop .
Great value , fast delivery - Computer works as if brand new , no problems , very pleased
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more .
I should have checked this before I installed my applications .
They discovered the manufacturer 's defect and sent it in for repair .
I am not sure if it was the drive itself , however ;
It WORKS !
Sound card is limited though .
On the twelfth day that I had the notebook , I decided to go to Dell 's website and update it .
If you are a PC user looking to convert I would HIGHLY recommend it !
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges .
It is held in place magnetically .
Strong build though which really adds to its durability .
Great pick for portability and affordability .
I would definitely suggest this laptop !
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again .
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved .
Loaded with bloatware .
Does a great job with video shot on a Canon 5D MKII .
Not sure on Windows 8 .
When the computer has been on for several minutes , it will occasionaly just go off by itself .
Perfect trifecta !
I should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer .
its more like a snail crawl .
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs , using the internet , and doing other things everyone does on a computer .
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express .
Maybe it 's Acer , maybe it 's MSFT .
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device .
I found the mini to be : Exceptionally easy to set up
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality , had poor performance , although it did have great battery life when it did work .
It is good to know that I can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life .
its as advertised on here .... . it works great and is not a waste of money !
I 've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer .
its by far faster and more stable then my PC .
If I have a few hundred dollars to spare , I 'd buy the Pro line though , the 2.53 and 2.66 GHz model .
The audio volume is quite low and virtually unusable in a room with any background activity .
Features such as the Dashboard ( allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator , weather forecast , movie times , calendar , computer post its etc .
, which Apple does n't offer , is why I bought my MacBook at Best Buy .
It 's fast , light , and is perfect for media editing , which is mostly why I bought it in the first place .
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV .
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic , not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person .
I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired .
Right size and weight for portability .
Though the picture , video , and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to ( CS5 ) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers .
If you are a person like me , more on the creative side , the mac has something for you too .
PC users work in Word , while Mac users work in Pages .
Great product , very easy to use and great graphics .
No temporary replacement , they are out of replacements because " many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset " - Inquired status of repair .
Not working = bad
I 'm extremely happy with my purchase as I now have the portable power I have been looking for .
It 's solid .
So , you can imagine how unhappy I am with this item .
I have owned many computers and laptops .
Ideal for someone on the go or for a high school students .
So , I must say I am not a happy camper .
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem .
What can I say .
I run Dreamweaver , Final Cut Pro 7 , Photoshop , Safari , Firefox , MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time .
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program .
When I got it , I immediately noticed that it was quite heavy and thick and not really attractive .
the apple pro notebook will not let you down .
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary .
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery .
10 hours of battery life is really something else ....
Was n't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different .
I contacted Acer and they are giving me FREE recovery DVDs , so do n't go and pay for them , just ask for them and they should give them to you .
I 've saved a lot of time and headaches so far , using my new MacBook Pro .
I 'm hoping that I can find a really quick way to clean it without it getting too gross .
Somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot .
first i have been searching for long time before i decided to get mac .
I just bought this laptop 3 days ago .
So you out of of notebook and money .
I 've almost have bought every generation of MacMinis since 2005 , and this one has n't let me down .
) And printing from either word processor is an adventure .
It 's great and we will always stick with Apple computers , we have been so happy with them .
I 'm stuck w / a broken computer .
The computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan .
Very disappointed with Apple .
All my devises  talk  to each other .
it might be something deep within Windows , for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive .
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced itThe WiFi is very weak .
I had to have these computers in my school .
IT IS TRASH !
The laptop was very easy to set up .
) I also purchased Applecare for $ 300 , which is a three year extended warranty , since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two .
I complain again ...
At least those computers did n't just die on me like this one .
Its a pretty decent computer .
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it 's a snap .
I should have been more observant .
also ... - excellent operating system - size and weight for optimal mobility - excellent durability of the battery - the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand -
I needed a new computer for graduate school ( had never owned a laptop before ) , and the only reason I did n't purchase a Mac was because my school 's website strongly recommended students purchase PCs .
I use the computer to basically check emails , surf the web , print coupons and for my college papers .
Unless you do n't care how long it takes to get going , find something else .
This mouse is terrific .
I could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage .
Now 17 months later they want ( would not say exact amount ) $ 165.00 to $ 400 to fix the machine .
I 've had a Toshiba laptop in the past ;
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that does n't require a dedicated video card .
Have purchased many products over the years from MacConnection and this transaction , like all the others , we smoothly with no problems .
It turns out that this hp pc had been preciously sold by Wal Mart .
Took it back as it was defective .
I now own another Hewlitt Packard .
so when I had the money to buy one I bought other things instead .... a 700 laptop and some extra stuff with it .
I am paying apple to kill my self and my wallet .
I am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one .
The Nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year .
I Hate it !
I am just ONE of the million customers .
And , if you are going to deal with HP be careful .
I am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review .
Then , within 5 months , the charger crapped out on me .
And the fact that Apple is driving the 13 " RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered ( to me .
packing and everything was perfect
When I called Toshiba , they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $ 35 for the phone call , even though they did n't offer any technical support .
It is super easy to use .
Yes , a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there , but there is no comparison in style , speed and just cool factor .
My only disappointment with the 13 " model is that they 're the only ones in the MacBook Pro line up without an i5 or i7 processor and dual graphics cards , however the trade-off is that you achieve a longer battery life ( of about 2 more hours ) .
Overall very impressed , Thank you Apple and Amazon !
The price and features more than met my needs .
But I do NOT like Win8 .
The " Time remaining " goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes .
Everything was so easy .
Put a SSD and use a 21 " LED screen , this set up is silky smooth !
I can not even read what I am writing half of the time .
Being a PC user my whole life ....
What 's really great about this product is you may have a family member who is computer illiterate and you can pretty much just let them loose on this computer without any real supervision .
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it .
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat .
I 'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages .
I have had at least eight Toshiba laptops , and they have been outstanding , including this one .
I previously owned a Toshiba and it only lasted about 2 years .
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR .
The sheer power and flexibility makes the MacBook Pro a must have for any techie !
I thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer would n't go onto our wireless network and I would n't have the same problems because it was updated .
Screen , keyboard , and mouse : If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen , responsive island backlit keyboard , and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone .
The Apple applications ( ex.iPhoto ) are fun , easy , and really cool to use ( unlike the competition ) !
This was around three years , maybe four years ago .
The last new mac I bought was in 1998 .
this one , in my opinion , might be a lemon !
The criticism has waned , and now I 'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing .
I have had two Toshiba satellite computers and while they are okay , they are in no way comparable to the Mac .
not using wired lan not sure what thats about .
- Called MacHouse Amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement , no answer .
It 's outstanding too .
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer , left right and front .
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for .
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG . THE PRODUCT KEY .
To this day , there are NONE .
I love everything about it .
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop .
And that probably explains why I 've already had my SATA controller go bad within a year of buying it .
Let 's just get this out of the way , I love Apple !
It 's A MAC !!
It 's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time .
So think about factoring those things in when you purchase .
The old unibody macbook pro could fry an egg after a while .
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons .
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable .
I 've only had mine a day but I 'm already used to it ...
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well .
Now the machine wo n't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I 'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook .
It is very easy to navigate even for a novice .
thanks for great service and shipping !
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork .
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box , all the functions works great .
Very powerful especially for the money .
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista ?
All-in-all , I would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone .
Highly recommend for daily use .
The only thing I do n't understand is that the resolution of the screen is n't high enough for some pages , such as Yahoo!Mail .
the speed is fine .
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch .
I had to call Apple 19 times ( each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone ) , and take it to their store for evaluations , and diagnostics , 5 times .
It lasted for many years of travel , kids and abuse and if I fired it up today , it would work .
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently .
It does run a little warm but that is a negligible concern .
My house is now 100 % Macbook .
Great deal on an amazing lap top !
I WILL NEVER AGAIN buy another Acer , not will I buy Gateway , or eMachine as they are all from the same company .
We have had numerous problems with Vista , such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled , Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on , also , the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times , the same update .
Harddrive was in poor condition , had to replace it .
The screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze .
excellent in every way .
The system constantly overheats , the battery life is too short , the case is coming apart , and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly .
Not even safe mode boots .
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the horse races .
Great battery , speed , display .
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad .
I look forward to years of use , it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well .
Ok , this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple .
My last computer , a Toshiba , cost only $ 400 , and worked like a charm for many years .
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive , but I rather have a hard copy .
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run .
i FINALLY DID IT AND THIS MACHINE IS THE WAY TO GO !
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space .
This was a great deal for a decked out MacBook Pro .
" Then I proceed to tell her that I checked out other retail stores that carry the netbook and it was n't LIKE THAT .
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty , and that products with extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore .
I do not like too much Windows 8 .
It works really well .
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and do n't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures .
Let me start with the good : So awesome .
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better , but am very happy with the upgrade .
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel .
GREAT INVESTMENT !
I sent it to them to fix in perfect condition but for what was wrong with it .
They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer , not what I 've done .
what an elegant , wonderful machine .
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this !
It 's fast at loading the internet .
You can imagine that an expensive item as a laptop will not be left on your front steps , it needs signature to pove that you received it .
My last laptop gave me a constant battle even though it was also completely new .
Its fast , easy to use and it looks great .
It 's ok but does n't have a disk drive which I did n't know until after I bought it .
I use it now more than I even thought I would .
A great computer for light home use and business use .
- Apple offers to send replacement and after 10 days I send them the old computer .
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer .
It is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an Alienware gaming machine .
The problems started with just the screen freezing .
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one .
They also use two totally different operating systems .
I 'll stick to Tashiba .
My husband uses it mostly for games , email and music .
I recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it !
No big deal .
Which was way too much money .
You ca n't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with .
That 's very possible , but since they do n't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine , I was stuck until Windows 7 came out .
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind . . I love the lit up keys and screen display ... this thing is Fast and clear as can be .
I would Highly recommend this MacBook .
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use .
No , tey do n't even support their own bios and it " could be a problem with the bios " How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity ??!!
Not a scratch or mark on it .
Its a dog plain and simple .
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter , so it 's not just an isolated incident !!!
It is a cheap throw together .
It seems to be incompatible with everything else .
I should have bought one a long time ago .
I ' ts nice to have the higher-end laptops , but this fits my budget and the features I need .
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet .
) only to get another " HP/Compaq " piece of crap .
It is truly a Desktop Replacement .
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers .
We purchased this as a back up computer after our more expensive HP needed to be repaired .
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp .
Or the cursor would show up some place else .
I have a laptop as my regular computer , but found that disconnecting it and lugging it around was a drag .
I bought this laptop Was the worst Laptop I 've ever bought .
also it is light weight compared to others .
Three weeks after I bought the netbook , the screen quit working .
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish , I broke down and spent another $ 100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac .
This laptop is insane !!!
For some odd reasons the computer does n't reconize the operation system .
I love the glass touchpad .
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7 .
I would not recommend this product to anyone .
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones .
Apple did a great job .
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE .
The switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop .
The cool thing about this is anyone can use it .
I 've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM .
It is not even a year old yet , so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone .
no complaints with their desktop , and maybe because it just sits on your desktop , and you do n't carry it around , which could jar the hard drive , or the motherboard .
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag .
The # 1 reason that is always repeated .
It 's very annoying .
I have had another Mac , but it got slow due to an older operating system .
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised .
It rarely works and when it does it 's incredibly slow .
they have not sent a new one nor called .
However , I love this particular Mac because its very fast , great size , and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad .
The keyboard is too slick .
I was even able to uninstall McAffe and install one of my Symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever .
However , this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it .
You will love this macbook if you choose to buy it .
Great Laptop for the price , works well with action pack games .
Fast , fast and fast , the web pages just fly by .
It makes sorting out all those photos on my digital camera a breeze , and organizing them by place , time taken , or sending them to an online print shop , or uploading them to Flickr or Facebook etc , is not hard at all .
I love this piece of equipment , It will be hard to go back to other type of laptop after using a MacBook Pro .
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company .
So glad I have gone this route !!
I 've tried going back to XL but there still problems .
I 've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful , english speaking ( from Vancouver ) techs that walked me through the processes to help me .
I would never tell anyone to buy one either .
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried .
Everything else just install and go .
My main reason to convert was the imovie program .
$ 999.00 Tax free .
:] It arrived so fast and customer service was great .
Sure it 's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100 % .
So , if you 're thinking of a laptop , I would heartily recommend theApple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer ( Z0J80001 ) Notebook for all your needs !
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY .
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba , no help at all .
The battery is not as shown in the product photos .
defective software .
Ca n't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off ( even then , it still does n't shut ) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user .
It is short on space , and downloads always had problems being completed , or were said to be ' corrupted ' .
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far , and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it .
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor .
I especially appreciate the fact that it has almost zero viruses and spyware problems !
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place .
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV .
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures .
It Was a great deal after all .
The product is prefect for everyone .
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT .
I can do everything I could before , only faster and more efficiently .
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse !
For example , when my husband turns the light out while I 'm on the computer .
I spoke to 4 different people and was told they needed to transfer me to a 5th person !
Other ports include FireWire 800 , Gigabit Ethernet , MagSafe port , Microphone jack .
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so , the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you ca n't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying .
The leather carrying case , keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse .
But as time went on I found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi .
Maybe this is virus related , maybe not , but the computer has locked up many times , and on two occasions , the screen has simply gone black .
I am just amazed .
My only other complaint is that it gets really hot .
This is a great value for the money .
I would like to tell you about the best laptop I just got from Mac .
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life .
BAck she goes !
After the bad experience with this computer went back to compaq .
Again .
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months .
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up , not able to connect .
This was my first MacBook purchase ever .
Supplied software : The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with .
We use the built in tools often , iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone .
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars .
Did n't expect to repair it at once !
This was the second computer and brand bought that day .
another problem .
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates .
The repairs were made quickly though I must say , however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me .
Considering another computer should be out of the question
Unfortunately , it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April .
Performance is much much better on the Pro , especially if you install an SSD on it .
SO ? HOW CAN YOU SOLVE IT ? C'mon , I just bought the netbook 2 weeks ago .
It has plenty of memory , lots of hard drive , and great graphics .
No problems , no lock ups , no disappointments .
Hope this helps !
Asus facial recognition does n't work and windows logon is n't either .
Actually , I had noticed the one on the sales floor also did n't have sound !
But in fact it is totally the opposite .
I fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now I could not imagine going back to an acer at all .
If you have to ask you do n't own a Mac and your just not in the know .
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome .
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit .
It was just one problem after another for me , and that 's reason we had forked out so much money was so we would n't have anything to worry about .
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC .
Many thanks , Overstock.com .
Windows 7 Starter is terrific ( no you ca n't change the background ) but I do n't need to , I use it just for school work .
When the buyer returned it Wal Mart just boxed it , taped it shut resold it as new .
It discharges too quickly .
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas .
Other than that , I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities .
- When I started worrying for not hearing anything from them , I tried to call .
It has a faster processor and more ram .
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions , hope you have your own copies .
Very disappointed !
It came alot faster than I thought it would have which was really exciting .
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot .
I paid $ 800 for this computer from my school campus bookstore .
It was fast , and it was " different " .
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations .
Then I 've fixed the DC jack ( inside the unit ) , rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop , replaced the power brick .
I went to my local Best Buy looking for a new laptop since mine broke .
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC Specs : Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I 've had in the past .
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase : Build Quality - Seriously , you ca n't beat a unibody construction .
It could n't have been a better decision .
It was very easy to just pick up and use -- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS .
After about another month I had to send it in AGAIN to Acer for repairs .
The 2.9 ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself .
I recommend for word processing and internet users .
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems .
This is by far thee best , most reliable computer I could find .
Great laptop for school , easy to use for beginners in the household .
It 's macbook pro and there is no discusion about it .
Time will tell .
I do n't have stupid pop up windows ( even when I have pop ups blocked ) , I do n't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download , and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down .
Bought it to use mostly for oline classes .
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos .
This computer literally takes about five minutes to start up and to be able to use without it crawling and I DO mean crawling .
I love the form factor .
This machine was a horrible experience .
No hassle and no complaints .
But for now , this laptop is still a workhorse .
- When battery life went to 4 hours or less , took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair ( 26th of August ) .
I have to wonder why Amazon is even selling this dinosaur .
" For one , I noticed that from turning on my mac to logging on only took about 25 seconds .
and it fits in my briefcase with ease
Seems to me that 's the best way to get Apple 's attention .
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off , too -- a mark of poor construction quality .
I bought it during the recent Comex IT show .
Amazing product as you would expect from Apple .
The 17 inch screen is very large , but the computer is very light .
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly .
I was a little weary at purchasing another 13 " macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around .
This one has had the same effect .
The hard drive crashed as well , and I had to buy a new power cord .
Within 3 weeks the same issues started happening AGAIN .
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops .
I just recently had to ship my laptop back to HP for repair .
I will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
Overall this laptop is great .
Easy learning curve .
Waited on getting this computer , but it has been a great change .
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac .
To list a few : They tend to get hot enough to cause 3rd degree burns , as well as ignite any flamable material if near the part that happens to heat up .
The computer itself was fast , ran smoothly , and had no problems .
for two months , when YOU GUESSED IT .
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature .
Despite the inconvenient weight , I opted for the 12 cell battery .
the touch pad is fine - again , it 's a real touch pad .
It was an all around waste of money for me .
I have had many , many issues with PC 's in the past and I 'm finally glad to have joined the Mac revolution !
Also , you wo n't have to worry about them going onlne a getting a virus .
the latest version does not have a disc drive .
If I have a problem with any of my apple items I make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there .
The speakers could have been better but it was n't a deal breaker ... this is a great little laptop ... love it !
( I definatly ca n't ) .
Boot time is super fast , around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute .
THIS LAPTOP WAS BAD FROM THE FIRST DAY OF USE ---- BROUGHT IT BACK TO STORE FOR RETURN OF MONEY .
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more .
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate .
EVENTUALLY we pushed hard enough to convince them that this was the MACHINE that was causing the problems .
" This is n't a big deal , I have n't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media , only through USB output .
They are n't worth the money , even though they are on the cheap side , laptop speaking .
Still pretty pricey , but I 've been putting off money for a while as a little Macbook Fund , and finally got to use it .
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible .
Yeah , to you .
There are differences that you need to know and take time to learn .
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth , they come loose .
The problem I had with this unit was unresolvable .
So , the hard disk capacity really does n't matter to me .
If that is the case for you , I would suggest a pull-behind solution when looking at cases .
Called tech support and got the usual Acer " We do n't support software but for $ $ $ we can help you " I explained there was no software involved in booting .
I love its solid build , light wt and excellent battery life ( for now ) .
No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault .
UPDATE : Two years after buying this laptop , I am now the proud owner of a lemon .
Everything is falling apart internally and externally .
Will not buy another Toshiba , this is my second , not happy w / either .
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office .
I 've never had problems with viruses .
I saw the bad reviews from people saying to buy directly from Apple and I was concerned but I took my chances and am overly impressed .
It is everything I 'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint , but somehow a bit more sturdy .
She said its very user friendly .
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop , and the battery life is amazing .
I would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one .
* 3 weeks after giving the computer for repair * - Visited MacHouse Amsterdam .
If you do n't feel comfortable doing it yourself , just buy the case and be happy , plus it looks nice , I bought the white one from Best Buy .
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos .
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great !
What a waste of time it was to run a Defrag on the PC !
For the Bluetooth to work properly , you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD , or it will not show after the reload .
Far superior to my MacBook .
I 'm very impressed .
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that .
It 's the mid 2012 version .
If you faintly come close to touching this thing while typing , all craziness may break loose .
The worst a Mac ever did to me was freeze up .
MACS ARE AMAZING !!!
