Would recommend - perfect for those looking for a place close to grand central.
I recommend that you try this hidden spot which will surely blowup very soon
As far as the service goes, the waitresses were not particularly friendly, but they got the job done.
I stumbled upon this resteraunt on my way home from the subway.
great neighbhorhood spot.
Surprised that a place of this caliber would advertise it as Kobe.
And you're hungry a few hours later.
The only disappointment was the coat check girls who didn't seem to know what a customer is on a realtively non-busy night (for the coat check girls).
Restaurant was dirty and unkempt.
A glass of Leaping Lizard, a glass of prosecco, and the mussels had everything happy.
If you want something really different than try Jekyll and Hyde.
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
If you go here - your focus should be the Tamarind Margaritas.
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
Overall, not worth the money.
The owner is very friendly and a great guy, go try his pizza, you'll like it!
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
Bravissimo !!
Delivery guy sometimes get upset if you don't tip more than 10%.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
Rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
In the summer months, the back garden area is really nice.
I don't get it either.
My gf's duck confitte was very solid as well, although i have little base of reference.
Food-awesome.
I WAS HIGHLY DISAPPOINTED BY THE FOOD.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
I absolutely Loved this place.
We all felt it was worth it.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
The prices cannot be beat for the quality, quantity, freshness and taste.
I have worked in restaurants and cook a lot, and there is no way a maggot should be able to get into well prepared food.
The crab cakes are delicious and the BBQ rib was perfect.
The rice to fish ration was also good--they didn't try to overpack the rice.
But don't ever order bacon late at nite (either platter or in sandwiches, for that matter don't from any take out place) as it is from the morning frying turns out hard almost like bacos, hurt my molars.
I don't think I would go again.
strike up a conversation with the attorney next to you, or with the local union worker on the other side.
(i hang out, and live, in the neighborhood..) 
I think this a a wonderful place.
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
(La Rosa is connected by a swinging door to the Mexican restaurant Pacifico).
Its worth the wait though.
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
Check this place out!
The 'kamasutra' and 'bombay cosmopolitan' are excellent and will have you tipsy in no time.
PERFECT FOR DATES!
Love the Jazz bands on Fri and Sat.
I think this is one of the more underrated places in the city.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
I've rarely had a problem with slow staff in the 10 years I've been going.
Admittedly, this is not the place for gigantic pieces of fish overflowing the plate (and thank goodness, in my opinion) but for simple, elegant sushi there is no better place in New York or anywhere in the US.
Faan is sooo good.
I would definitely go back -- if only for some of those exotic martinis on the blackboard.
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.
If you ware looking for Korean fusion, I suggest you try some of the places in the East Village.
Never again!
My friend is 100% right in the experience we had.
I'm not even going to bother to describe it; it speaks for itself.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.
The waiters and owners were nonchalant about this and promised to call the exterminator but weren't as dismayed or apologetic as I would have expected.
We were drawn into the belly dancing show that captivated the crowd.
The wine the service was very good too.
The Thali was small, thoroughly unremarkable, and $14.95.
Its located in greenewich village.
Everything at Sala Thai is tasty and well-portioned.
A gentleman, maybe the manager, came to our table, and without so much as a smile or greeting asked for our order.
This little place definitely exceeded my expectations and you sure get a lot of food for your money.
Definitely worth the trip to Battery Park City!
Hey, I think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.
The food was exceptional.
It was nice and fresh, but I can't give it high scores on being authentic thai.
I do suggest to ask to be seated upstairs if you are looking to be a little cozy.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
This isn't a value joint.
The service is a quite slow, but friendly.
The ceiling is amazing!
Check out the secret back room.
I also recommend the rice dishes or the different varieties of congee (rice porridge).
they didn't disappoint, service from the second i arrived at the door was extremely pleasant and attentive with almost one server per table.
Such a disappointment...
Great staff.
sometimes i get bad food and bad service, sometimes i get good good and bad service.
The other night we had the $30 three course meal and everything was delicious - if I could of licked the plate clean I would of.
I would highly recommend.
This is a true gem of the village.
We spent $200 in this place and left hungry and very disappointed.
Overpriced and not tasty 
They're also friendlier here, especially the owner, Kenny.
It will be on my to do list the next visit to NYC.
There are many Thai places in the city but so far Toons is #1.
15% gratuity automatically added to the bill.
The service is awful--the last time I was there (and I do mean the last time) we were told that they needed our table so we would have to leave.
Maitre-D-"Eat and get out"
The tuna and wasabe potatoes are excellent.
While this is a pretty place in that overly cute French way, the food was insultingly horrible.
However, there is just something so great about being outdoors, in great landscaping, enjoying a casual drink that makes going to this place worthwhile.
Sushi wasn't anything spectacular for the price.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
Decent Thai food in cute - though a bit dank - little Nolita hangout, BUT service terrible.
More important, the sushi rivals the best in Tokyo.
It's like they took leftover chicken, poured oil and sprinkled pepper powder over it (the sauce was translucent and red).
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
now if they could only get a toaster.
Surprisingly nothing could be further from the truth.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
The place is a lot of fun.
I've been here twice now.
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
I was here a few weeks back and we had the worst customer service experience at a restaurant ever.
The rest of the dim sum, though pricey by Chinatown standards, is worth it.
Our server was very helpful and friendly.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
Their whitefish salad is excellent--all whitefish with a little mayo.
Good drink.
Good, fast service.
I guess the way my friends and I described it was The French Colonies.
Bartender was unable to tear himself away from friends at bar.
People are always friendly.
Amma is nothing special.
INCREDIBLY POOR SERVICE AN FOOD QUALITY AT EXORBITANT PRICES.
The service is fine and they allow you to enjoy the view.
But the thing that my wife and I hated was it was so loud and it felt like 'bar' or 'pub'.
The atmosphere is much better than Sripraphai (more modern and sleek).
I was pleasantly surprised to find this gem in Hoboken.
the wait staff is very friendly, if your not rude or picky.......our meal at Leon last weekend was great -.
For two people with tip was less than $25 bucks.
love the food.
VT is what baby pizzas hope to be when they grow up.
Wait staff is blantently unappreciative of your business but its the best pie on the UWS!
being a fan of spicy ethnic foods, indian included, i made friends with this place long ago.
But trust me it is so worth it.
This restaurant was recommended by a local...as a matter of fact, he made the reservation for us and said we would not be disappointed!
I'm in love with the lobster ravioli!
Although the place could be a little more eye catching and roomier, at the same time, it doesn't really matter.
Everything was going good until we got our meals.
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
I've lived in NYC all my life and had never before seen so many waterbugs in one place (except in a really bad dream).
Take a good sense of humor,an American express card with no limit, walk out with a lollipop,gift bag in hand and enough marketing materials for alain to to take the show on the road
The chicken and steak were seasoned and cooked to perfection, and the lamb sandwhich is great for heartier appetites.
I go twice a month!
The ambience is authentic and relaxing and we have always received attentive and prompt service.
Really nice restaurant to go with a group or on a date.
All my co-workers were amazed at how small the dish was.
Murray won't do it.
At $120 for two people, however, this in no way represents value, unless you're looking to pay by the hour for passive-aggressive torture.
I took one bite from the $24 salmon, and I have never, in the 17 years I have been going to restaurants tasted salmon as fishy, as dry, and as bland as the one in Flatbush Farms.
I am actually offended to have spent so much money on such a bad experience.
I never used to be a fan of sakes but am lately experimenting with it a lot more and am acquiring a better taste of it.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
(The sashimi is cut a little thinly.
Went last Thursday.
The food however, is what one might expect.
If you live in new york city, you'll find better food at small restaurants outside of time square and spend half the amount.
Would definitely visit again.
Not one of our meals was edible - bland and/or made with weird rosemary or orange flavoring.
but still my date was bad
Wonderful menu, warm inviting ambiance, great service the FOOD keeps me coming back!
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
don't get me wrong - sushi was good, just not fantastic.
Since we were already waiting so long, we felt we had no other choice but to accept it.
The only drawback is that it's a little pricey.
No green beans, no egg, no anchovy dressing, no nicoise olives, no red onion.
Killer Sushi!
Skip Baroanda down the street (Eurotrashy, snooty and expensive) and check this place out!
The food is amazing... especially if you get the Chef's tasting menu and your favourite bottle (or two!) of wine from an extensive selection of wines.
One would think we'd get an apology or complimentary drinks - instead, we got a snobby waiter wouldn't even take our order for 15 minutes and gave us lip when we asked him to do so.
Went here on a friend's reccomendation.
She then put the check down without asking if we were done, and came to check on the bill every two minutes, even though we were one of three occupied tables.
Don't miss Bloom's on your next trip to Manhatten.
Both times we waited well over a half hour for a table (even though we had reservations).
too large for just two people but nothing was left.
We go often for lunch and the place is packed.
I plan to come here again and look forward to trying their assortment of bruschetta, panini's.....
Straight-forward, no surprises, very decent Japanese food.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
The atmosphere was great.
I usually go there later at night when I get off work so I don't have to deal with crowds or lines.
They had scrapped the bottom of the vessel in which they make the rice -RESULT - WE HAD LARGE CHUNKS OF BURNT RICE IN OUR SERVING BOWL.
Their tuna tartar appetizer is to die for.
It's cuz it's so good you need to taste it!!! 
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
Last memorial day, I tried to make reservations but was told they were closed that weekend (interesting, but...).
The noise level was unbearable, conversation impossible.
we did notice however, that some tables had what looked like pita instead of naan.
We generally like good restaurants and eat out often but Kai was way to expensive for what we got.
I recommend it!
The atmosphere was mostly of an older crowd, but there were a few groups of mid 20's/30 year olds also.
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular.
Be careful of portions - they're HUGE.
I suspect this restaurant is what Rao's would be if it hadn't turned exclusive.
since the first time I came here I've been hooked.
Alone for 100 bucks, it is really overprice.
It was good, but none of the flavors WOW.
The staff is no nonsense.
I had to wait for my friend at the bar for a few minutes
Have a mojito and sit in the back patio.
And $11 for a plate of bland guacamole?
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
I did not try the caviar but I tried their salmon and crab salad (they are all good)  
I pray it stays open forever.
The pizza is delicious and the proprietor is one of the nicest in NYC.
After 2 tries by the waiter to take it away (we hadn't even looked at it yet, we had full beers yet to drink), the manager approached and told us they needed the table for people with reservations.
If celebrities make you sweat, then your in for a ride, but if your like most around these parts then you'll just yawn and wonder whats with all the hype.
It took about 2 1/2 hours to be served our 2 courses.
Intimate but charming interior with extremely friendly and attentive service.
This was a great surprise.
The Singapore Mai Fun had NO curry flavor whatsoever.
Without the wait or attitude, I would probably go back, but there are just too many other restaurants in Brooklyn that are as good or better and don't make me jump through hoops.
I showed it to the manager, and he smilingly apologized and brought us two free desserts (but did not ask us what we wanted and so brought the last two desserts we would have asked for).
I will be out with friends and all of a sudden I am hungry and I only crave one thing... their Pizza.
There are many french bistros in the midtown area, and I wholheartedly recommend this one.
Jimmy is Dominican!
For a restaurant with such a good reputation and that is usually so packed, there was no reason for such a lack of intelligent customer service.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
This is definitely an  excellent date spot because of the ambiance and on the weekends the  night scene is more than alive.
More Williamsburg Garbage
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
Inside is a little cramped, but to be expected.
We left, never to return.
We were charged full price.
They have a very good chicken with avocado and good tuna as well.
Once we finally got a table, despite indicating we wanted an alla carte menu we were pushed into a table that was only price fixed!
Nick Stef's is one of the only places worthy of going in the area, so if you happen to be by Madison Square Garden or Herald's Square check it out!
I highly reccomend the grand marnier shrimp, it's insanely good.
I LOVE their Thai
Single Worst Restaurant in Manhattan
Everytime I decide to try another place on the UES, I get angry that I didn't just go to Zucchero Pomodori.
The wait staff is very courteous and accomodating.
As we were leaving, the couple standing by the door said to another waiter, we're not in a hurry.
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently.
The bread we received was horrible - rock hard and cold - and the "free" appetizer of olives was disappointing.
The boths are not as small as some of the reviews make them out to look they're perfect for 2 people.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
The food looked very appetizing and delicious since it came on a variety of fancy plates.
The waiter was attentive, the food was delicious and the views of the city were great.
For many people, this may not seem like Aunthentic Thai food because most places in NYC arent quite authentic.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
Try the Pad Thai, or sample anything on the appetizer menu...they're all delicious.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
The drinks are always welll made and wine selection is fairly priced.
Restaurants in manhattan should try to model food and service after this place.
Planet Thai is great!
And I could do without the cigar smoke.
The flavors robust and subtle.
we were tired and cold when we got to the restaurant, then we sat down to begin ordering appetizers.
Was there Friday night.
Aside from the bearded, courdoroy blazer professor type with the NYU student he's sleeping with that week, you see a strange mix of hipsters, frat boys, Will Smith types who need to be told they are black, bitter cougars who cant understand why they arent married yet....
Oh yes, and if you are a fan of Indian oldies film stars, there are plenty of portraits of Indian actors and actresses in classic black white that adorn the walls, some of which, I would love to know where they obtained.
It's no-fuss, fast and delicious.
It hits the spot every time
They are FAST.
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
We've only eaten in the restaurant once, but we have ordered many times for dinner.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
THE SERVICE IS AMAZING, i've had different waiters and they were all nice, which is a rare thing in NYC.
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
I expected quite a bit more from such an expensive menu.
Love YUKA.
Highly recommended...  As stated, I haven't dined *in* the restaurant but stopped by there to pick up takeout and it seems a very relaxing place; also, the bar looks nice.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
All of my co-workers stated that the food was amazing and wondered why they hadn't heard about this place.
However, in the summer of 2003, it seems the management has changed and the great big door has been replaced for a glass front ridding itself of the dark romantic getup.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
The bibimbap was average, but the stone bowl wasn't even close to sizzling.
My fish was delicious in an incredible curry sauce.
The table next to us asked if he crushed the grapes himself when their long overdue bottle of wine finally arrived.
My wife and I always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.
The menu has so many fish items and oysters.
The service, however, was a bright flower in a garden.
Service was prompt, friendly and great.
Mistakes happen, but they are usually accompanied by an apology, perhaps even a glass of wine...but not the grunt that we received from the Al Di La staff.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
Do yourself a favor and avoid this place at ALL COST!
And you never get the feeling that you need to leave.
While finishing our meals which included a high-end bottle of wine, our son's fiance joined us for a glass of wine and dessert.
The service is always great, and the owner walks around to make sure you enjoy.
We usually just get some of the dinner specials and they are very reasonably priced and very tasty.
The fettucino alfredo was amazing.
And it was quick which is very important.
Is just the way it was in days gone by.
The food was bland oily.
I love this place!
And I would have to agree with the masses in terms of service - delivery is their Achilles' heel.
We had a good time.
The food was good.
This is probably one of my new favorite places.
You feel like you made it to New York when you eat here.
If anyones has doubt of not knowing enough about wines,please check their wine list.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED for a first date.
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
So close, but not good enough.
For some reason the place was empty when we got in and remained so for the entire evening, I don't understand why but we had a blast and will definately go back the next time we are in the area.
Located at the end of a magnificent block.
This is where the aforementioned line was.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
I really liked the noodle dishes at Rice Avenue compared to their Green Curry dish.
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
The service does sometimes lack focus and it is not ideal if you are in a hurry but I have never been treated rudely.
I have never been disappointed but their true strength lays in their amazingly delicious and cheap lunch specials.
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
The food is awesome - definitely try the striped bass.
just got back from lunch at Tamarind and it was excellent.
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
The best Chicken pad tai, I've ever had.
The wine list was extensive - though the staff did not seem knowledgeable about wine pairings.
moral stay away.
I've been to at Cafe Spice probably 5-8 times, it is probably still the best Indian restaurant around Union Square.
I went to Ruby Foo's after work with a group of 6.
An unpretentious spot in Park Slope, the sushi is consistently good, the service is pleasant, effective and unassuming.
I agree that dining at Casa La Femme is like no other dining experience!
You can also special order any kind of dumpling,etc.
It took half an hour to get our check, which was perfect since we could sit, have drinks and talk!
- i asked for them spicy and they were delicious).
We always enjoy the pizza.
This bar has it all - great drinks, cool atmosphere, excellent service and delicious food.
Would NEVER go back
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
Anyway, the food is good, the price is right and they have a decent wine list.
I go here at least once every other week, particularly when it's cold!
Five of us walked in at approximately 6:20 on a Thursday evening. 
Get the pepperoni - YUM - and a family style salad.
We were 4 and got the family size penne a la vodka which was tremendously gigantic portion...a bucket of food literally.
When I'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, I head for Cafe St. Bart's.
Get the feeling they settled into a groove a while ago.
Entrees: Vanison steak and Bison Steak.
Even for two very hungry people there is plenty of food left to be taken home (it reheats really well also).
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.
also it's great to have dinner in a very romantic and confortable place, the service it's just perfect...they're so frendly that we never want to live the place!
I would highly recommend.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
Much of the time it seems like they do not care about you.
I was starving and the small portions were driving me crazy!
I didn't go there for food so I can't comment.
If you're in town, it's worth searching for another place.
The all-Italian staff is warm and engaging from the start.
I just don't understand all the hype...
The Pad Thai is excellent here, as well.
the bestt!
Get the tuna of gari.
So if you want a nice, enjoyable meal at Montparnasse, go early for the pre-theater prix-fixe.
This is the best Italian restaurant in the city.
Finally a curry that I can eat, enjoy and not suffer from gastritis from 3 hours later.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
Waiters tend to forget drinks completely, food portions are so tiny, two people have trouble sharing one entree.
The side dishes were passable, and I did get a refill upon request.
We didn't want a bottle of bubbly on a weekday so we each got little bottles of Korbett it was just enough. 
My husband had the mesclun, salmon, and ice cream and he enjoyed all 3 courses.
Love their drink menu.
My husband and I enjoyed each of the 6 taste size portions and left completely full.
In fact, while leaving the place we saw two people looking at the menu, and I couldn't help telling them that the food was horrible.
The service is awful.
Also very inexpensive.
The pickles were great addition.
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
So eat fast and order a lot.
IT is the best deal in town for a Monday night dinner at a fine restaurant.
Great food, great decor, great service.
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
Katz's has been a NYC original for over 100 years.
The fajita we tried was tasteless and burned and the mole sauce was way too sweet.
The signs, the specials menus, food, and even all the waitstaff are ALL TOTALLY Japanese.
My suggestion is to eat family style because you'll want to try the other dishes.
This place is always very crowded and popular.
The wait staff was loud and inconsiderate.
Both are delicious, the cooks are friendly and are willing to take a moment and speak to you and shake your hand.
The main entree was also very good.
Great Shabu Shabu
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
There was no tap beer that evening, which was a disappointment. 
They do cater to American palates, but if you like it hot let them know and they are more than willing to oblige!
If you want some roast duck, pork or chicken on rice with ginger, try them out!
You can barely see who you are with never mind have a conversation.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
Not because I was pregnant, but the food here is always delicious.
Anywhere else, the prices would be 3x as high!
Try it!
It wasn't as if this restaurant had any major bragging points before hand, but now it's simply repulsive.
The sangria was pretty tasty and good on a hot muggy day.
Quick and friendly service.
Do not get the Go Go Hamburgers, no matter what the reviews say.
Food was good not great not worth the wait or another visit
This quiet dark asian bistro is well worth the trip.
I ordered a Lassi and asked 4 times for it but never got it.
the turkey burgers are scary!
We were there March 7 and found Maison very nice.
hmmm.
Quick and friendly service.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
SUM IT: don't read the '10's' reviews, try it to judge for yourself so you won't have as hi expectations, then you'll be sure to enjoy it.
Never again!
Polite acknowledgement is out;
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.
We ended our great experience by having Gulab Jamun (dessert) recommended by the waiter.
They should have called it mascarpone with chocolate chips-good but a far cry from what the name implies.
This is literally a hot spot when it comes to the food.
Staff is very accomodating.
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
Amma has the worst value for money I have experienced in NYC over the past 2 years.
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
Good crowd, good outdoor seating, with a hip japanese vibe.
Stay away if you're claustrophobic
I was at Rao's last Wed.
Somewhat disappointing wine list (only new vintages.
Please take my advice, go and try this place.
When going out for a nice dinner, I like a nice ambiance as well as very good food.
I recommend getting a reservation even though we saw people seated without one.
The food is reliable and the price is moderate.
The soup is pretty good too.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
He always says, I don't have customers.
I'm from England, and Haru's was the best I had in NYC.
So I've never actually been to M proper, but I've had it delivered a few times.
There are other people waiting!
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
My only complaint might be the fortune cookies - I've never had a cookie predict bad luck for me before I visited Kar.
Indoor was very cozy and cute.
While most people can attest to spending over $50 on drinks in New York bars and hardly feeling a thing, the drinks here are plentiful and unique.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
The menu is interesting and quite reasonably priced.
The staff has been nice, but they seemed really stressed and the unisex bathroom needs to be cleaned more often.
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.
How pretentious and inappropriate for MJ Grill to claim that it provides power lunch and dinners!
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
great taste
We had the pot-stickers which were great and a tempura dish that was great.
While we enjoyed the food, we were highly disappointed by the poor service (waiter was not quite competent and SLOW service) and lack of remorse.
The sushi has been from average to below average, the wait service has always been sub-par the atmosphere goes from nice to really irritating (if you sit in the area beyond the kitchen, the acousitcs are horrid, everything echoes is extremely loud).
It won't break the bank but I also wouldnt come back for the food.
Overall, this is a great new restaurant that has been consistently good every time I have been.
sometimes i get good food and ok service.
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.
I was on jury duty, rode my bike up Centre Street on my lunch break and came across this great little place with awesome chicken tacos and Hibiscus lemonade.
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
The one vegetarian entree (Abby's treasure) was actually quite a surprise - it was delicious and had wintermelon covering an assortment of fresh mushrooms and vegetables.
In an area sadly lacking in decent Thai food, this is one of the best spots.
The price very reasonable.
A pleasant surprise.
i know, you were too busy showing off your vintage tee shirt and looking bored, but my agenda is i'm here to eat and enjoy the company of friends, seeking a pleasant experience.
I had to share my table with a loud group of kids and the service was rude an unattentive.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
the restaurant was completely empty, but she gave me a dirty look and asked, no reservations?
The staff is arrogant, the prices are way high for Brooklyn.
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst.
The sandwiches are dry, tasteless and way overpriced.
Service, however, was excellent...and I liked the setting/atmosphere a lot. 
The server was really cool and served us our food and drinks with a smile.
The traditional Italian items are great - cheap and served in a cozy setting.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
Joya used to be a cool spot with decent food and a colorful - if not relaxed - atmosphere.
Everything looks great, the drinks, the decor, the food, even the people.
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
What you are paying for is the environment and the name.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience.
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
You want to have a real hot dog in Brooklyn?
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
You will find yourself returning quite often.
I book a gorgeous white organza tent which included a four course prix fix menu which we enjoyed a lot.
Our friendly server made great food suggestions and also sent both the sommelier and the fromager to the table to help suggest different pairings for wine and cheese.
We got most of it back at home with us.
They honored reservation on Sunday afternoon very well. 
since i was in the neighborhood, we made sure to give this a try.
The Management was less than accomodating.
I recommend any of their salmon dishes......
Not to be overlooked, the service is excellent.
Fresh, authentic, french cuisine in substantial portions.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.
really depends on your luck!
They don't walk around with the trays of Dim Sum.
Sexy.
Somehow working the italian charm with constant mille grazie does not constitute proper service.
The only beverage we did receive was water in dirty glasses!
For being number 1, this place has alot of work to do in order to truly earn its so called reputation.
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
The lamb meat was under-cooked and EXTRMELY CHEWY.
Another friend had to ask 3 times for parmesan cheese.
Most people eat there seem to be typical Upper East Side snobs, so be aware.
And affordable.
in an effort to increase turnover, the restaurant offers no desserts beyond the complimentary espresso cup filled with chocolate mousse.
I'm sure I'll return for a final judgement tho.
Keep up the good work guys!
While the room is not particularly comfortable, once you're seated you'll forget about everything except what's on your plate.
This place was the worst.
You can get an excellent meal at most of the many Indian restaurants on nearby Lexington Avenue for the cost of one the dainty dishes here.
As soon as I wake up on a saturday or sunday it is the first thing on my mind is when and how I will be getting to fried dumpling.
From the incredible food, to the warm atmosphere, to the friendly service, this downtown neighborhood spot doesn't miss a beat.
Had we been stalling I could understand where they were coming from, but we had been there less than an hour and they hadn't even brought us a check yet!
Most importantly, food is excellent.
Also, if you don't want to sit at a certain table, you don't have to!
Its also a bit of a hassle to get to without a car (I happen to live in Inwood).
While the smoothies are a little big for me, the fresh juices are the best I have ever had!
After waiting for almost an hour, the waiter brusquely told us he'd forgotten to give the kitchen our order.
The atmosphere was crowded but it was a great bistro-type vibe.
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.
We are very particular about sushi and were both please with every choice which included: ceviche mix (special), crab dumplings, assorted sashimi, sushi and rolls, two types of sake, and the banana tempura.
Food is great and inexpensive.
The place is small and intimate and you may feel a little crowded, but the service is excellent and it's great for friends out, a romantic date, or a special occassion.
Knowledge of the chef and the waitress are below average.
I couldn't even enjoy the mashed potatoes because it was hidden completely under the chicken and spinach.
For authentic Thai food, look no further than Toons.
The in-house lady DJ on Saturday nights has outrageously good taste in music, and moreover, takes requests.
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
It doesn't look appetizing as it's covered in squid ink and it turns your lips and teeth black, but the taste was phenomenal.
It is terrific, as is the value.
Will not be back.
all the food was excellent - considering the quality of food in most moderately priced restaurants is mediocre this was slightly more pricey and well worth it.
Desserts are almost incredible: my personal favorite is their Tart of the Day.
We ordered some beef and noodle soup dishes from the Thai section of the menu but nothing we got was Thai.
The sides were ok and incredibly salty.
A bit breezy up there on the mezzanine from the wind coming from the tracks.
Great food, great decor, great service.
Wonderful!
To give you an idea of how good we thought it was, we ended up going to Ping's three weekends in a row!!!
However, service was as plain as sesame crusted Salmon I had.
limited menu, no-so-fresh ingredients, thinly-sliced fish, fall-apart rice. 
I was shocked that my friends wanted to stay after the waitress said, "can I help you" and "how many are in your party."
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place.
the negative reviews on city search are probably from jealous competing restaurants who realize they can't compete with Temple's entire positive attitude about the proper way to treat their customers and deliver top quality food.
Yes, the prices are high, but I felt it was worth it.
The service was great, and they have a whole great deal for birthdays.
This place is so much fun.
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
The people that work there are always so friendly you forget you are in New York sometimes.
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
The restaurant looks out over beautiful green lawns to the Hudson River and the Statue of Liberty.
Though you will undoubtedly be seated at a table with what seems like barely enough room (no matter what the size of your party), the warm atomosphere is worth the cramped quarters- you'll have fun and forgot about the tight spot you're in.
If you are a carnivore, come hungry and you will leave more satisfied than you have ever been.
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
I do not think dinner in Manhattan should cost $400.00 where I am not swept off my feet.
The garlic mashed potatoes are hands down the best in the city!
And their prices are very high - they actually think that they can get away with charging such prices for such terrible food and service!
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
MY date and I both ordered the Branzini and both felt the fish was very average.
Over the years, it has always provided a pleasurable dining experience with quality food and wine.
Highly recommended.
Three page wine menu, one page entree and horedevous.
Our favorite meal is a pesto pizza, the house salad, and a good bottle of wine.
First off, the waitress was completely unattentive the 2 times we saw her(odd in a restaurant with 6 tables) and got our order wrong.
Try the tandoori salmon!
Overall, excellent restaurant!
Mizu is home to creative and unique rolls not to found anywhere else.
Each bite of food at Kai was indeed delicious, fresh, and elegant.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
The service was attentive without being overbearing and each dish we tried was wonderful from the spring rolls to the cod with pineapple tempura.
The food is fresh, delicious, and reasonably priced.
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
Mermaid Inn is an overall good restaurant with really good seafood.
While it's not Nobu, it sure is a great deal and you definitely will leave feeling satisfied and full.
The decor however seems to be the distraction so you won't notice that you just payed 300 bucks for some cold eggplant that took 2 FRICKIN HOURS TO COME!!!!
Delivery is fast too.
Salads were fantastic.
The price very reasonable.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
Their sake list was extensive, but we were looking for Purple Haze, which wasn't listed but made for us upon request!
Mazing interior.
But they've done a really nice job of offering all the typical pizzeria faves plus some terrific specials like the Godmother pizza (a sort of traditional flat pizza with an olive oil-brushed crust and less tomato sauce than usual).
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
And as SOON as one person is done, she asked to pick up the plate immediately.
Good drink.
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
A different server enhanced the fun, dumping our entrees in front of us halfway through our appetizer (which was delicious).
Not a large place, but it's cute and cozy.
I went to Amma after a friend recommended it.
please don't fool us.
I love it.
Two people in our party felt like something else, and Volare immediately obliged with two great dishes that were not in their regular menu.
There's something smooth about sipping sake upper east side style.
Service is top notch.
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
I would recommend putting your name down and then getting a drink at a local bar first though because of the wait time.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
Would recommend this place as a good date spot if you don't want to drop a ton of cash.
All of the apetizers are good and the Sangria is very good.
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
and you can't beat the prices.
You must try the garlic soup!
I had the Lamb special which was perfect.
The food is very good, but not outstanding.
MY husbands birthday and my sons was not as it was intended... and we drove two hours to spend too much money to be treated terribly!
I found the food to be just as good as its owner, Da Silvano, just much less expensive.
The avocado salad is a personal fave.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
What's the difference between the two?
The all you can eat deal is truly amazing here.
I highly recommend the fish tacos, everything else was ok.
The food is nothing like its menu description.
Seating is ok even though sometimes there's alot of people.
I live a block away and go to Patsy's frequently.
This restaurant is VEGETARIAN; there are NO MEAT dishes whatsoever.
Prices are in line.
Not too much so, but enough that there's a great scene.
A weakness is the chicken in the salads.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
And all the [female] servers are cute too, which is always nice.
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
The staff makes you feel at home, the food is great and the atmosphere is WONDERFUL!
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
Anyway, the owner was fake.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
At night the atmoshere changes turning into this hidden jewel that is waiting to be discovered.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
While the place is not a hotspot hangout, the drinks are unique and pack a lot of bang for the buck.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
Always good drinks and service is pretty good;
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
Possibly the Most Romantic Restaurant in the City
I ordered the chu chu curry and my friend ordered the pad thai chicken.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
The prices are about $9 for an entree for dinner and even less for lunch.
The wine list is extensive and impressive.
This restaurant was way overhyped.
The fish was really,really fresh.
I'm just reading some of these reviews and its nonsense that people are reviewing some places because it was too loud.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
All in all the food was above average and I would return to see how they operate with four or less dinners.
The main draw of this place is the price.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
I've had my fair share of modern Japanese and this spot delivers.
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
Give it a try and enjoy.
I would recommend this place to anyone and would without a doubt come again.
I was wrong.
This small Astoria souvlaki spot makes what many consider the best gyros in New York.
Will have to return to try the chocolate!
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
Great survice
What is even better, is that the prices are very affordable as well, and the food is really good.
Now at the top of our list, Del Frisco's Steakhouse.
When you add it all together, it just doesn't seem worth it to me...especially considering the prices.
One of the BEST
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
We didn't look like the other patrons in there so unfortunately I think that may have been part of the problem.
A word to the wise: you can't dine here and disturb the maitre-D's sense of " table turnover", as whacked as it is, or else.
This place is not inviting and the food is totally weird.
Good food.
you know what i mean all the positives things happening there made mw write this review.
Always great service!
Had an awful experience at Casa la Femme on a Saturday dinner.
Seriously, this is the best all you can eat in town- As everyone says, the Spicy Tuna hand rolls are the best- have 4 of these, and you've broken even.
The three of us standing in front of her should have been an indication of how many of us there were.
The food is all-around good, with the rolls usually excellent and the sushi/sashimi not quite on the same level.
She was very helpful in suggesting us drinks and helped us in ordering a lot of good dishes since we knew nothing about Indian food.
The chocolate raspberry cake is heavenly- not too sweet, but full of flavor.
I'm glad I did as the food was very good and the staff was friendly, courteous and efficient.
This place started off a little iffy, but is now one of my favorite indian restaurants in NYC (and I'm indian, so I should know).
Maybe I say so because it looked promising for people who like artery-clogging jewish deli food, but turns out to be poorly run and awful.
My girlfriend convinced me to go in the other night for a quick bite.
The drinks are a saving grace, but service staff, please, get over yourselves.
its a little out of the way if you don't live in the neighborhood, but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are.
I had the mango chicken and i can't go on to tell you how delicious that was and the presentation was beatiful.
Big thumbs up!
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
Atmosphere is a bore.
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
The first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.
The grilled cheese at home afterwards was better.!!
Definitely will be back!
I went for restaurant week.
I haven't been to the other locations.
So much more than the usual bar food, go there to enjoy the menu while sampling one of their hand-crafted beers.
Inside is a little cramped, but to be expected.
Some Pineapple covered in a glaze of some kind and some pear tart thing Not impressive at all.
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.
The ambience is also more laid-back and relaxed.
This is one of the best comfort food places in the city.
The food was really good, I had the onion soup and it was one of the best ever.
I love Indian food and consider myself to be quite an expert on it.
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
I tend to judge a sushi restaurant by its sea urchin, which was heavenly at sushi rose.
Should you happen to be impressed by the cuisine definitely try it.
I went with JWILS.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
Please save yourself the frustration.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
Worth the trip from Manhattan.
The veal was incredible last night.
I recommend ordering in on a weeknight.
I lived in Maine for ten years and grew up on fish.
but overall i give it a 10
If you have a dumpling fetish i suggest you try some here!
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
The price was extremely reasonable for the appetizers and food we ate.
but their mac cheese was YUMMY!
There are no negatives to speak of.
The music which is sometimes a little too heavy for my taste.
It is run by the same Sichuan chef who started the chain in Chinatown.
Alain Ducasse is the best of everything, I mean everything was excelent.I
WORST PLACE ON SMITH STREET IN BROOKLYN
The food was delicious but do not come here on a empty stomach.
Great, original taste.
Went to this place this place on a real cold night and needed a quick meal.
Also, the place is popular with families, so if you're bothered by children running loose like wild animals, come later at night to avoid them.
I recomend the chicken milanese.
At first glance this place seems a bit pricey for a hot dog joint, but at Bark you don't just get your average hot dog.
I actually gave Patroon another chance before writing this, but the second visit was even worse.
Unfortunately, the food was NOT something to get worked up about.
THE BANANA PUDDING THEY SERVE HAS NEVER SEEN AN OVEN,THE CRABCAKES ARE WAY OVER SALTED AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE VERY GREASY MAC AND CHEESE.
The level of rudeness was preposterous.
For $760 for 2 people, it's a once in a lifetime experience.
I really liked this place.
We didn't even see a menu, as our waiter described both the specials and the main dishes.
But the meals were terrible.
during happy hour!
I like the somosas, chai, and the chole, but the dhosas and dhal were kinda dissapointing.
Thank you everyone at Water's Edge.
Someone else recommended the dessert - we also left that.
Considering their price of $6.25 for lunch special, the dish was ridiculously small.
Nice Family owned traditional restaurant.
I do not recommend lunch specials just because it tasts the same with other regular chinese restaurant.
I had never had Edamame pureed before but I thought it was innovative and tasty (could've used a bit more salt).
Celebrated my fathers birthday here.
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.
I wanted to go there to see if it was worth it and sadly, curiousity got the best of me and I paid dearly for it.
Creative dishes like king crab salad with passion fruit vinaigrette and fettuccine with grilled seafood in a rosemary-orange sauce are unexpected elements on an otherwise predictable bistro menu.
The pizza here is delicious.
Try the Pad Thai, it's fabulous and their prices are so cheap!
the pad se ew chicken was delicious, however the pad thai was far too oily.
Go inside and you won't want to leave.
If just to drop in, quickly stuff yourself and jet out -- to keep their turn-over.
If you want a casual neighborhood bistro that has great food and excellent service, this is the place.
But on a lazy Saturday night, we ended up going.
If you live outside the neighborhood, don't bother!
I came to fresh expecting a great meal, and all I got was marginally so-so food served in a restaurant that was just so freezing we couldn't enjoy eating.
Service was wonderful;
I've eaten thai many times, and am very familiar with the cuisine.
the spinach is fresh, definately not frozen...
I asked for a simple medium rare steak.
I live on the street this place is on.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
The wait staff is pleasant, fun, and for the most part gorgeous (in the wonderful aesthetic beautification way, not in that she's-way-cuter-than-me-that-b@#$* way).
We love the food, drinks, and atmosphere!
This is some really good, inexpensive sushi.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
The wine list is extensive and impressive.
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
food was luke warm.
I asked the chef what he recommends and he asked me if I like Uni. (
OU MUST TRY THIS RESTAURANT.
Great food at REASONABLE prices, makes for an evening that can't be beat!
I have lived in NY for many years and have dined at many restaraunts.
My friends and I stop here for pizza before hitting the Kips Bay movie theater.
We went to celebrate two birthdays and wanted to do something special and different.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
While the food was excellent, it wasn't cheap (though not extremely expensive either).
For those of you who don't know, Uni is Sea Urchin in Japanese, which happens to be my favorite.) 
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
I have been twice to this restaurant.
Deff recimmend Bukhara they also have opened two new locations guess ill try them out.
The food is good, especially their more basic dishes, and the drinks are delicious.
My wife and I always enjoy the young, not always well trained but nevertheless friendly, staff, all of whom have a story.
The lone argentine chorizo appetizer at $8.95 was a heavy fennel flavored Italian sausage like the ones that sell for $2.99/lb at the store.
We walked in on a Wednesday night and were seated promptly.
Good for casual dinner with jeans and sneakers.
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
Service was very prompt but slightly rushed.
Look I dont know if the people who wrote the reviews have ever been to a decent place (PLEASE TRY SOMEOTHER PLACES).
When the bill came, nothing was comped, so I told the manager very politely that we were willing to pay for the wine, but I didn't think I should have to pay for food with a maggot in it.
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
Taxan delicious!
Downtown Dinner 2002 - Prixe fix: Appetizers were ok, waiter gave me poor suggestion..try the potato stuff kanish best one.
The sauce is excellent (very fresh) with dabs of real mozzarella.
They have a very diverse menu so its something for everybody.
We will go back every time we are in the City.
Try their chef's specials-- they are to die for.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
the mushroom barley soup is amazing.
We asked for beverages and never received them.
After complaining about the chicken dish, the manager came over to tell us that, no one had ever complained before, and that we just didn't know what the dish was supposed to taste like.
The service was attentive.
As we waited I watched 3 seperate groups of diners discuss how dissapointed they also were.
Avoid at all costs.
And even more so unpleasant because it was so costly for such an unpleasant experience.
Cheese plate is a varied delight and great bargain at $10.
I lived on 50th st, and wanted Indian one day so decided to check this place out.
The decor is vibrant and eye-pleasing with several semi-private boths on the right side of the dining hall, which are great for a date.
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
If you can handle that, it's a great place for a business dinner, fun with friends or simply a table for 2.
The main course had an average portion, and was decent overall.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
i actually feel like i should keep it a secret.
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
Sushi so fresh that it crunches in your mouth.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.
Good for a quick sushi lunch.
Finally!
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
My friends and I experienced amazing cheese and a delicious, new summer menu at Artisanal last night.
The fried dumplings are GREAT!
Probably my worst dining experience in new york, and I'm a former waiter so I know what I'm talking about.
I live in the neighborhood and my friends meet me down here not only for the bar scene but also the promise of The Pizza Place at 3am.
Too bad Latin Quarters closed.
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
A must try!
The only thing that my friend left out is that when we sat down at the bar the bartender disappeared.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
Well, this place is so Ghetto its not even funny.
I was in love with Pongsri on 48th, but compared to Suan it is slow in service and overpriced.
Me and my girls will definitely go back.
This place is really trendi but they have forgotten about the most important part of a  restaurant, the food.
Off the beaten path, this jewel of a restaurant shines just one block away from the plethora of 6th street Indian restaurants.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
Try green curry with vegetables.
The food was as creative as the decor and both worked.
The food is very good and the service is great.
After reading the good reviews of this restaurant, I decided to give it a try with two friends.
I often go there to eat with my family.
The atmosphere is attractive, but a little uncomfortable.
I HATE HATE HATE this place.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
The sauce on the pizza is sooo good with garlic and fresh tomatoes and they don't skimp.
A must try!
For appetizers, I recommend the shrimp fritters and dumplings.
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
THe Pizza and wine were excellent-the service too--but what really MADE this place was the backyard dining area.
they were able to squeeze me in at 6 after i called the night before my anniversary for a friday night reservation and told me they'd treat us well for the occasion.
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.
They bring a sauce cart up to your table and offer you up to 7 or 8 choices of sauces for your steak (I tried them ALL).
The menu is fairly simple without much descriptions. 
I can't stand this dungeon.
Based on the reviews on here, it appears that the restaurant is overwhelmed after the 7 PM.
i would go again if i didn't have to pay.
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
The food was absolutely amazing!!
Our waitress was sweet and accomodating, not overbearing.
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.
THE BIG COMPLAINT: NO TOASTING AVAILABLE.
Great food, good wine and an excellent host.
My wife and I went to Water's Edge for a romantic dinner.
The service is excellent and always informative without an air.
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
I have tried literally every restaurant on curry row.
Siam Square is fairly new to the neighborhood and I think in time will gain the recognition it deserves.
I have to say that if this what makes it easier to get a saet a lunch- I dont mind.
The food is consistently wonderful - I've been coming here for years, and the owner has always been accomodating and friendly.
Good Food
The service is good and the resturant is clean.
Every time I visit NYC, I come here.
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
The decor is really blah, and not at all hip or happening.
You can eat gourmet food at a fast food price.
Never fails to please.
You should pass on the calamari.
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
But people from Sichuan will die for it)  - Chongqing Hot Pot, chongqing was the biggest city of Sichuan, now became an independent province.
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
The wine list is interesting and has many good values.
I love the place.
Best Italian food I ever had (and being Italian, that means alot).
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
Definitely try the calamari, any pasta, or even the Sliced steak entree.
Probably would not go back here.
I've waited over one hour for food.
The Steak Tartare is a great bet, they fix it for you at the table.
I think the stuff was better than Disney.
I grew up on these bagels.
To top it all off.. the main reason we came to your restaurant was for the belly dancers and missed the first show as we were not seated yet and the 2nd belly dancer only danced at two tables in the back of the restaurant and never made it around to the other half of the restaurant.
Why?
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
The staff is very sharp and they look good too.
But, they were too big for the bun.
Usually 3 vs. 4 items per dish.
Fish was overdone.
Just ignore the trendy wannabes.
Best dish is nori-wrapped tuna.
Really Lovely dining experience in the midst of buzzing midtown area.
I ordered tamarind duck and my wife ordered noodles with ground beef, and we were both delighted by the way the dishes evoked Thai flavors in unexpected ways.
My girlfriend and I just spent our 10 month anniversary at Lou Lou.
My host asked for appetizers for the group and the waiter gave us not only what we ordered, but some other items that were not ordered.
May, the owner always has a smile on her and will warmly greet you.
That place was awesome,,,  sally !
None was made so i hung up.
The only thing you can do here is walk in and eat .. but planning an event, especially a small, intimate one, forget about it.
Save yourself the time and trouble and skip this one!
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
I have to say they have one of the fastest delivery times in the city.
Will never be back.
The dim sum here is only so-so.
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York.
Over 100 different choices to create your own.
Everything on the menu is great. 
My only problem is that you are literally sitting on top of the people next to you!
Save room for deserts - they're to die for.
It's traditional, simple italian food.
Excellent food for great prices
Given the incredible architecture surrounding it, this place has no character.
But the staff was so horrible to us.
We all agreed that mare is one of the best seafood restaurants in New York.
My chicken was completely dried out and on the cold side and the sauce was not very flavorful.
Love Pizza 33..
Always popular, always full, always a wait.
Interesting other dishes for a change include chicken in curry sauce and salmon caserole.
Whenever you need a Sushi fix, Mizu will be there with quality fish and great service.
The food is great and authentic.
Culinaria is a welcome addition to the Garment district- far better than any restaurant in the area.
Your money could easily be better spent elsewhere (Anywhere).
But nonetheless--great spot, great food.
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
First the wrong bread came out with the appetizer, then when i tried to order a second glass of wine for my main course...
Lunch came with pickels and slaw, no extra charge.
Like I said, Nick and Joe's may not be everyone's favorite, but it's mine.
Simply some good tasting Chinese food at incredible prices...
I though it was expensive and I prefer Bella Via just blocks away by far.
Butter was melted, white wine warm, cheese oozing everywhere.
I've never ordered anything else from their menu...there's no need to.
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
We have never had any problems with charging the meal or the tip, and the food was delivered quickly, but we live only a few minutes walk from them.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
The appetizers are also delicious!
Service ok but unfriendly,filthy bathroom.
Can't wait to go back.
We ate at this Thai place following the reviews but very unhappy with the foods.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
Even with the prix fixe pricing, this restaurant is not worth it.
I would highly recommend this place!
Filled with suits, though, so you never really feel terribly comfortable.
" The menu includes pub fare--burgers, steaks and shepherds pie--and even a portabella lasagna for those black sheep known as "vegetarians.
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
I visit New Green Bo when I have money or when I am broke.
How is this palce still open?
For desserts, we tried the frozen black sesame mousse (interesting but not extraordinary) and matcha (powdered green tea) and blueberry cheesecake, which was phenomenal.
Really.
A cool place to hang with your friends for a couple of healthy drinks and desserts.
The atmosphere is great!!!
Orsay, is a very pleasnt throw back to traditional French food, and French service as well.
Feels like family when we go there.
The restaurant is dark and not very attractive and then you have spot lights shining on you putting you in the worst light possible, reaching for sunglasses.
Fine, I wont hang you for that.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
Of course this atmosphere is lacking, but what do you expect from a 24 hour bagel place anyways?
When the dish arrived it was blazing with green chillis, definitely not edible by a human.
The reason there are 4 different results on citysearch for the same place is because they keep trying to start a new thread so they can stock it with positive reviews.
The omlette for brunch is great...
I went there after hearing how great it was.
Horrible experience - stay away!
Try the rose roll (not on menu).
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
I have been to Roth's twice and both times were very disappointing.
At peak times, the restaurant is overcrowded and tables are uncomfortably close.
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
What a pleasant surprise!
The second you walk through the heavy vault like door, with people anticipating your arrival you get the sense that you are going to have the dining ride of a lifetime.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
Truly the mark of an attentive waiter.
Eating at Ottimo is like eating in Chef Salvatore Esposito's home.
The palak paneer was standard, and I was not a fan of the malai kofta.
Since it literally is a complete hole in the wall, it's a bit intimidating at first, but you get over that very quickly as soon as the friendly staff welcomes you - don't hesitate to ask for help with what to get.
The Bagels have an outstanding taste with a terrific texture, both chewy yet not gummy.
Overall the food quality was pretty good, though I hear the salmon is much better when it hasn't sat cooling in front of the guest.
and i have been around the block, to say the very least.
We had fun eating in there, we were there like around 3 a.m. in the morning!
The menu is nothing like the one on the website.
big and soft as well as good lunch food.
You will be satisfied.
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
oh speaking of bathroom , the mens bathroom was disgusting.
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.
Overall a worthwhile experience.
I've been several times and am totally smitten.
The entertainment was great they have shows that go on through out the dinner.
And really large portions.
If you want Americanized Chinese food with your usual watery, generic white sauce, this is your place.
The white bean brushetta to start was incredible and the pasta was phenomenal.
I've had pizza both times and the caprese salad appetizer.
Skip this restaurant, it's a big disappointment.
If you live in Upper Manhattan, Siam Square is THE place for Thia food.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
the service is prompt friendly.
No refills on fountain drinks, though.
Wonderful strawberry daiquiries as well!
I had a late dinner at Lucky Stike, a great name for a joint if ever I saw one.
the food is decent.
A must for all the Dosa lovers.
The food was amazing, the service was so attentive and personable, and how about that ambience!
The decor is what initially got me in the door.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
and you can't beat the prices.
That is a problem since we paid about 20 bucks a dish, and had to order 5 dishes to get a decent taste.
All in all, this midtown gem instantly became one of my favorite sushi restaurants in the city.
Though it's been crowded most times I've gone here, Bark always delivers on their food.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
People are always friendly.
fine dining restaurant quality.
THR AT MOSHPHERE IS COMPACT, MODERN, YET COZY.
It is simply amazing.
And how many times can you pick up the same perfectly aligned set of napkins, inspect them vapidly and plonk them down in exactly the same place instead of venturing a glance at people who are there to help you make the rent?
The homage to India is most evident in the delectable roti canai appetizer, a fried pancake served with pungent curry dipping sauce, while the mango chicken offers a surprisingly sophisticated, fresh take on sweet-and-sour.
Service has always been friendly and efficient.
Will absolutely visit again.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
I don't live in NY but my best friend does.
This is definitely one of the places that I have continued to come back to over the years.
I have to say the place was awesome.
His drinks are very inventive, delicious and classy.
Food is excellent and they also have empenadas and plaintains which are good for an afternoon snack.
Service is known for bending over backwards to make everyone happy.
Awesome
The floor was wet, the trash can filled with hand towels n all over the floor, no soap, and no hand towels left.
The menu is very limited - i think we counted 4 or 5 entrees.
this restaurant is absolutely beautiful.
But the main hit was the whole grilled fish.
Although somewhat loud, the noise was minimally intrusive.
10
This is a nice sushi restaurant in Brooklyn that's located on 86 street, right underneath the train station.
They're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing, Queens.
Obviously run by folks who know a pie.
My husband and I moved to Nolita 6 years ago and for as long as we have lived here, Peasant has been our favorite!
Mine tasted like the bartender had forgotten to add the tequila.
For the people who want great food plus great service, Roxy is a place to AVOID!
I will go back to Suan soon!
Orsay, is without a doubt one of the best values for authentic French food in NYC.
not sure why this restaurant would be rated that highly.
Dakshin is one of the few affordable and tasty Indian restaurant in the upper east side.
They tell me they are going to cover the garden in glass for the winter, so i'm looking forward to going there on a snowy night to enjoy it.
It's like you are transported to the Italian countryside, very romantic and filled with antiques.
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!
Seating is always prompt, though the restaurant does fill up in the evening.
I love the Little Pie Company as much as anyone else who has written reviews, but must discourage anyone from visiting the Grand Central location due to their RUDE service from two sales people.
We started with lox and mussels (the best ive ever had, ever) and had the cod and trout for dinner.
I'd definitely go back again.
It was totally overpriced- fish and chips was about $15.... 
I asked repeatedly what the status of the meal was and was pretty much grunted at by the unbelievably rude waiter.
I cannot imagine you not rushing out to eat there.
The fillings may be unconventional but the dosa batter is definitely authentic and the combinations very tasty.
One of the best hot dogs I have ever eaten.
From the erbazzone emiliana to the mostarda on the cheese plate, the dishes at this restaurant are all handled with delicate care.
we came here on a crowded saturday night and were seated right away despite being 15 minutes late for our reservation.
And the food was fantastic.
The dining room is quietly elegant with no music to shout over -- how refreshing!
The secret is the lunch menu which offers a complimentary appetizer with every entree ordered.
I've been here twice now.
My father had the flank steak which was very good, and my mother had the swordfish.
And at the conclusion of this culinary nightmare the check was given to our table by knocking over a glass of water.
The halibut cheek appetizer came with a generous portion of foie gras, but that's about the only positive thing I can say about the meal.
No one asked what was wrong as we left with nothing touched on our plates.
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
but for the value, it was a great affordable spot to enjoy a fun night out with small group.
While their kitchen food is delicious, their Sushi is out of this world.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.
believe us, we've been eating sushi for over 15 yrs.
THe back garden sitting area is very pleasant, where you can see their personal herb garden.
The workers there also absolutely load the bagel with cream cheese (gets a little messy).
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
And I've been to many NYC delis.
short and sweet  seating is great:it's romantic,cozy and private.
Because we didn't have a reservation, we could only sit in the back garden, but it was great, secluded and perfect in nice weather.
My girlfriend, being slightly more aggressive, and having been equally disgusted causing her to throw out the remainder of her barely eaten meal, called back only to be informed that I was probably wrong and that it was most likely an oyster, and that we were also blacklisted from their restaurant.
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend.
Its located in greenewich village.
The chicken dinner was real good.
This place is cool enough to be in the East Village, but French enough to make you feel like you could be in a bistro in a back alley in Paris.
This is also where I was from.
This is a cute place and could be good but they need to get their act together.
Check it out.
The wait staff is very freindly, they make it feel like you're eating in a freindly little european town.
It's nice to find a place that is open 24 hours (especially in downtown Brooklyn).
Good cake BUT: it was not the best cake i've ever had, and definately not worth standing outside on the sidewalk being herded like cattle by indifferent and overworked employees.
The service was excellent, the food was excellent, but the entire experience was very cool.
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.
The wine is always good, the tapas are always yummy, especially with the warm pita bread.
But the thai is definitely not great -- bland and indistinguished.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
Dumbfoundingly Poor
the crust was imazingly cooked well and pizza was fully loaded:):):)
You cannot go wrong with this place.
To me it exemplifies Soho, cute, artsy, interesting.
Perhaps.
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
And that's no mean feat...
Big and gawky on the outside.
Reasonably priced with very fresh sushi.
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.
I've never been treated so rudely.
I'm not sure where the other reviewers ate but it seems as if we visited two different restaurants because my friends and I all enjoy Mizu very much... and we're repeat customers.
I choose to go with one of the special, the braised lamb shank in red wine, which was excellent.
Check out the secret back room.
Maggot in the food!
Beautiful experience.
Great wine, great food.
It is the best hidden spot there and I rave about it to everyone.
It first came well done, and I politely sent it back.
Worth it for a special occasion, or any time!
Finally, after all the raving I went to check it out with one of my enthusiastic friends this last Saturday night and let me tell you its all its cracked up to be.
For the quality of food, a little too expensive.
Get the soup and a nosh (pastrami sandwich) for $8 and you're golden.
) It's not the best Japanese restaurant in the East Village, but it's a pretty solid one for its modest prices, and worth repeat visits.
Finally let into the store 5 at a time, to buy expensive slices from a harried staff.
wont come back again for sure!
They're terrific!!
If you go here, do it on his off-night.
Compared to other shabu restaurants around town, this places wins hands-down.
Though the Spider Roll may look like a challenge to eat, with soft shell crab hanging out of the roll, it is well worth the price you pay for them.
As a student in NYU i need a place to eat after a hard day of work so usually i just go to any indian restraunt near by. 
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
Then they somehow made a dry and burnt crust, around a raw and cold inside.
This place doesn't get the publicity that Sylvias Soul Food restaurant does, but it should.
Be aware.
Also, top the meal with a delicious and perfect slice of tiramisu.
Every waitress and customer who passed by me bumped into my chair.
You can certainly find restaurants that offer a superior fine dining experience, but for superb food at reasonable prices, La Villa can't be beat.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
While the menu isn't especially groundbreaking, everything I've tried so far has been well-executed and tasty.
the last time i walked by it looked pretty empty. hmmm.
The waiters were not attentive except that the bill turned up on the table before we were finished.
It can be a very fun experience with a group, and kids (6 and over) would love it.
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.
If you are here as a pre-show meal, hop in a cab and take the extra 10 minutes to go to the uptown location.
The food is very average...the Thai fusion stuff is a bit too sweet, every thing they serve is too sweet here.
Can't argue about that, but they are clearly over priced.
I recommend this spot to anyone who enjoys  fine cuisine at reasonable prices.
The falafal was rather over cooked and dried but the chicken was fine.
I took one look at the chicken and I was appalled.
Very immature bartender, didnt know how to make specific drinks, service was so slowwwww, the food was not fresh or warm, waitresses were busy flirting with men at the bar and werent very attentive to all the customers.
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.
Highly recommend this as great value for excellent sushi and service.
Baluchi's has solid food and a nice decor at reasonable prices.
This place has realy fresh sushi and a nice large menu of Japanese classic cuisine.
The food is surprisingly good, and the decor is nice.
We were treated with attitude ever since the moment we stepped into the restaurant!
Great neighborhood joint.
If you like seafood and/or Greek food you will love this place though it is not limited to just these things.
So, if yo really don't care who is sittingnext to you, which is about 2 inches away, I would say try it.
In fact there is only one I've tried that even compares (shabu Tatsu) and even then I prefer Dokebi.
We have gone for dinner only a few times but the same great quality and service is given.
Everyone that has ever come here with me has become a convert and returned regularly with their own friends.
Ive asked a cart attendant for a lotus leaf wrapped rice and she replied back rice and just walked away.
I HAVE NEVER EVER HAD SUCH AN UNPLEASANT EXPERIENCE.
I wasn't there for the Half-Price Saturday Night Special, but Tuesday Night.
Overall, not worth the money.
Maybe it was the great company (I had friends visiting from Philly  yes, it was not a date this time) or the super reasonable price point, but I just cant say enough good things about this brasserie.
No desert menu, no apology, nothing!!!!!!
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
Even though it is a little loud, you don't have to yell at each other to talk.
While it was large and a bit noisy, the drinks were fantastic, and the food was superb.
Leave the kids at home!
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
Nice view of river and NYC.
I hate this.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
Try the lobster teriyaki and the rose special roll.
You will pay a lot for the decore, but the food is no better or worse than a lot of other Chinese and Asian fusion places in NY.
The food is above average for midtown and sligtly better than some of the other Heartland Breweries in the city.
It is very overpriced and not very tasty.
I was turned on to this restaurant by a fellow foodie friend of mine, and have been going back regularly ever since.
JUST AWSOME.
The wine list was superb, our tapas delightful, and the quiet atmosphere perfect for good conversation.
The food was great.
I'm a friendly person, so I wouldn't mind had she not been so nasty and gotten so personal. 
The staff are attentive, and have smiles on their faces.
It's also attached to Angel's Share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...
Need I say more?
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans.
Love it.
I also ordered for delivery and the restaurant forgot half the order.
The bread was stale, the salad was overpriced and empty.
I've had the chicken with garlic sauce, chicken with black bean sauce, and hunan chicken.
My friend told me about this restaurant for a year before he finally took me this weekend.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
He served me an Uni Hand roll, which I never had before, and let me tell you...IT WAS HEAVEN!
I come here enjoy very much with husband.
But that is highly forgivable.
Go with the specials, and stay away from the salmon. 
The place does get crowded, so I recommend going between 4-5 PM.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
I love the simplicity and respect which was given to the food, as well the staff was freindly and knowledgable.
Fish is so very fresh.
It's popular w/the late crowd.
Best things to order are from the grill (Churrasco and Ribs).
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
There restaurant is very casual, but perfect for lunch, and their delivery service is always very fast.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
Do not go to this restaurant.
The food is delicious and the bar has a great vibe.
Been to the one in Brooklyn for over 25 years, now I dont have to go over the bridge for the best pizza ....Hanx
Everything is delicious, though, my gf and I come here once a week sometimes- you will get addicted!
Since my first dinner I have had the chance to have brunch at Orsay 3x.
Cool atmosphere but such a let down.
The farro salad and the mashed yukon potatoes were also extremely tasty.
I went with my fiance on a Tuesday evening.
Everything about this place is adorable - even the bathroom!
first it took us a long time to find the place.
In addition to great hot dogs, DOTP has wonderful breakfast sandwiches that feature, in addition to great things like tator tots and English muffins, a delicious NJ-based pork product know to us Jersey girls and boys as Taylor ham.
It gets crowded at lunchtime but there are lots of seats in back and everyone who works there is so nice.
Dahkin also offers prix fixe lunch and buffet.
Eating in, the atmosphere saves it, but at your desk, it's a very disappointing experience.
The food was just OK, at least for what food was available.
When I visited my friend who lives in the Upper Eastside, she recommended that we go to this restaurant.
HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!!!!
Taxan delicious!
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
The neighborhood was nice though so check out another restaurant instead.
What's the difference between the two?
Incredible food at a very agreable price brings me back just about every other day to this authentic Thai restaurant.
They are extremely rude, not even apologizing for the horrible service we got and handing us a bill well over $500 for some drinks adn their pita bread!
It's just everything...the food, the atmosphere...the incrediby kind and gracious hostess.
I've had better Japanese food at a mall food court.
Fantastic place.
The one on the east side is much better than the one on the west side.
Really, I find it rather scandalous that such a crappy restaurant attracts such crowds--this, in the city of a million restaurants, at least 9/10 of which are way better than this one.
We've tried before but it always packed and doesn't take reservations.
The only thing that strikes you is the decor?(not very pleasant).
The food is good, I can't lie.
That place was awesome,,,  sally !
If you wrote a bad review, it's because you don't understand what Rao's is all about.
My mom originally introduced me to this place, but even she (being Indian) feels the food can be somewhat over the top spicy and far too oily.
A word to the wise - the Hoboken health inspector clued me to his findings that this is THE cleanest restaurant in town.
Over all the looks of the place exceeds the actual meals.
I went to pams with my girlfriend, and i love it.
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
I found this restaurant to be one that truly values its patrons.
SUM IT: local investment bankers like it, try for yourself at least once.
Over price, and small portions .
No plans to return anytime soon.
Lucky Strike is a great casual place to just grab a bite to eat.
They charge different prices all the time.
The food was not very tasty, the portioins were tiny even for such a high quality restaurant.
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
The food was outstanding and the service was tops.
Loved it!
skip dessert.
The crackling calamari salad, which is usually a cheap disaster at many restaurants, is crispy and lightly dressed.
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
delicious bagels, especially when right out of the oven.
The decor in this place is very diner-ish and the kind of place you expect in the East Village - not romantic, just simple, small and sparse.
Paul, the maitre d', was totally professional and always on top of things.
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.
Ambiance is barely romantic but management tries.
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
Great sushi experience.
Big thumbs up!
The only friendly staff member was the guy at the bar.
Another review here claimed the pre-fix was $29/per person including sake but it is $55 per person not including sake.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
Prices are higher to dine in and their chicken tikka marsala is quite good.
Great value for the quality ingredients.
(food was delivered by a busboy, not waiter) We got no cheese offered for the pasta, our water and wine glasses remained EMPTY our entire meal, when we would have easily spent another $20 on wine.
Unfortunately, with our show tickets, we didn't have time to sample any desserts.
I've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times, but more often I order delivery.
I will definetely go back again and again, that's for sure!!!
Slightly on the pricey side but worth it!
They forgot a sandwich, didn't include plastic forks, and didn't include pita with the hummus platter.
My first time there I happened not to like the Crab Croquette apt that i ordered and they were happy to change it for me without making no big deal.
Never fails to please.
I highly recommend the Sophia pizza.
But I just would like to say I read the reviews people left and thats why I checked it out.
A great way to make some money is to buy a case of snapple from Costco and sell it right outside for only $2.50.
The sushi seemed pretty fresh and was adequately proportioned.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
I went to Swiftys with some friends of the family and we had a very nice dinner, but nothing amazing.
Myagi is one of my favorite restaurants in the City; the place the negative reviews describe sound like they were somewhere else.
i recommend the thai popcorn :)
The food options rule.
They are not helpful in the least and will give you the grand run around so by the time the event date rolls around you will not only regret chosing this place, but also become hostile!
There is something about their atmosphere that makes me come back nearly every week.
That's good and bad.
You will not be disapointed at all.
As we were sitting eating the subpar food the manager proceeded to berate a couple of his employees for putting out the wrong containers for condiments and explained to them how expensive these containers were.
if this happens, just ask for real naan.
please don't fool us.
Just moved to the neighborhood and we've been trying all the West Village Sushi restaurants.
Good food at the right price, what more can you ask for.
We paid a fixed pricce but got nothing!!
The steak melted in my mouth.
I recommend it!
Three of us arrived for dinner about 5:30 on a week night without reservations.
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
But too far east!
Brava La Pizza Fresca!
Good atmosphere, combination of all the hottest music dress code is relatively strict except on Fridays.
I usually get one the Vietnamese Beef Noodle Soup.
The makhani was OK --the korma was bland.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
Buon appetito!
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
The dishes offered were unique, very tasty and fresh from the lamb sausages, sardines with biscuits, large whole shrimp to the amazing pistachio ice cream (the best and freshest I've ever had).
I went at 6:00 PM specifically for the pre-theater menu ($19.95 for roasted tomato soup with chevre, steak frites, creme brulee) and it was marvelous.
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
It's to die for!
Great bagels made the old-fashioned way.
The dishes are remarkably tasty and such a cozy and intimate place!
Although we were looking for regular lettuce and some walnuts the salads we got were great.
We ended up having to just leave because we were essentially being ignored by the wait staff--even though the rest of the restaurant was largely empty.
Service- friendly and attentive.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
You won't find that anywhere in Manhattan.
The food is great and the prices are reasonable.
my wife and i have been going to nyc for years and wouldn't miss roxy,s food is expensive but it's new york!
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!
I have been coming to this neighborhood spot for years.
The food was mediocre at best but it was the horrible service that made me vow never to go back.
The waitress moved our table practically into the bathroom and when we asked to cancel our dinner orders because we did not want to eat sitting on the toilet, we were told no...
Only wine and beer are served, but the house varities are actually quite good.
I recommend their Pad See Ew, Pork Chops or Tofu plates.
Oh yeah ever on the west side try there sister resturant Arties Cafe.
The service is really fast and friendly, and the value is great.
Ambience is delightful, service impeccable.
The bruschetta and panini's are so yummy!
Good food at the restaurant (a bit expensive, but great if you want to impress your date).
$20 gets you unlimited sushi of a very high quality- I even took a friend here from Japan who said it was one of the best sushi places in the US that he has been to.
Other than being a little crowded and a bit overpriced, the atmosphere is filled with energy (and the beautiful people of course) and the food was surprising good!
This is the only Thai place I go too in NYC, it's wonderful, and live relaxed Jazz on certain nights.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
During our meal, the management came over and checked on us and even bought us a round of drinks.
As always we had a great glass of wine while we waited.
and we were thouroughly disapointed.
Chinese Desserts are known for healthful benefits in addition to the sweetness.
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
It was raining, and we figured why not?
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
But that wasn't the icing on the cake: a tiramisu that resembled nothing I have ever had.
Amma is nothing special.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
The ambiance was pretty cool, but not worth the hassle.
Nevertheless the food itself is pretty good.
The quail was fantastic and unique and the pastas were full of flavor.
The food was good, the place was clean and affordable.
and the owner is simply lovely and friendly.
Whatever the reason it is definitely the place to be.
It' only open for lunch but the food is so good!
I really recommend the very simple Unda (Egg) rolls.
good place to hang out during the day after shopping or to grab a simple soup or classic french dish over a glass of wine.
For those that go once and don't enjoy it, all I can say is that they just don't get it.
The help was extremely nice and did not rush us.
Every course was better than the next.
When I lived upstate for a while I would buy freeze the bagels and they would still be better than any else.
It is expensive but well worth the money.
Emilio, the owner, is often sitting in the front table greeting guests as they come and go.
Although I moved uptown I try to stop in as often as possible for the GREAT cheap food and to pay the friendly staff a visit.
If presentation and service is your thing, then this magic show works.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
Good Experience
I care more about the food and ambience.
After that she simply took our plates, walked away, came back another TWENTY minutes later with the bill and the chicken on it!!!!!!!!!!!!
Were meeting up with some friends for a drink at Lafayette 161 and happened to walk by Thai Angel famished.
Everything a NY pizza joint should be.
No food snobs allowed, this place is for people who appreciate good food.
We live nearby BFC. 
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
Despite the fact that the space is large, they've overcrowded the floor with tables.
Great food, great waitstaff, great atmosphere, and best of all GREAT beer!
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
Dessert - can't be missed, so save room!!!
We order a bit of everything on the menu.
Waiters are very friendly and the pasta is out of this world.
I have gone back to Siam Square many times since and everytime I am very satisfied overall.
Unlike other places in NYC where the sandwiches you want only come as a triple-decker, here you can get what you want in a reasonably-sized portion (and price).
The food is yummy, especially their cooked-to-perfection mussels in spicy tomato sauce and their shoestring crispy fries.
Loved It
And it all comes at a very reasonable price (congee, noodles, and rice dishes are no more than $3-6 each).
The service is ok but could be better.
So what you really end up paying for is the restaurant not the food.
Even though I made the reservation at 3pm for the same night through Dinnerbroker, we were seated at a table with one of the best view!
While the staff at this little bistro is very friendly, I have never experienced more incompetency.
I went to Del Frisco's Friday night with my boyfriend for an 8:00 reservation.
My husband said he could've eaten several more, the portion was fine for me he even exclaimed that the french fries were the best he has had.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
Add to that great service and great food at a reasonable price and you have yourself the beginning of a great evening.
But after last night, Spice Grill is the only place I'm eating indian cuisine.
Late nite omelletes are not good here, there is no variety!
Try the sea bass.
This particular location certainly uses substandard meats.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
Light, refreshing summer rolls (not fried) remind me of Vietnamese places in Paris.
Be prepared to wait, because the place is pretty tiny.
It also has lots of other Korean dishes that are affordable and just as yummy.
Beef noodle soup is good as well.
When we arrived at 6:00 PM, the restaurant was practically empty.
Eat at your own risk.
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
the food is always fresh ...
We arrived and were seated immediately, which made us both happy.
And really large portions.
My mouth starts to water merely thinking about the delight that is this restaurant.
this place... we stumbled upon it on labor day weekend.
One caveat: Some of the curried casseroles can be a trifle harsh.
They have all been tonight and they have all been about the same restaurant.
As many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.
The sandwhiches are out-of-this world!
There's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).
The two star chefs left quite some time ago to open their own place.
Result (red velvet): Great texture, soft and velvety, nice hint of cocoa.
Finally a reliable Chinese restaurant!
If your looking for nasty high priced food with a dash of ghetto scenery cheap BX A$$ this is the place to be!!
Even if the food wasn't this good, the garden is a great place to sit outside and relax.
Give it a try, menu is typical French but varied.
It's the conversations that make this a fun place to be.
Only complaint is the pricing--I believe it would be more reasonable to pay a dollar less on each item listed on the menu.
The $300 bill was a bit steep, but the experience was great.
Not too crazy about their sake martini.
This place is a great bargain.
I plan on stopping by next week as well.
Try the Pad Se-Ew or Chicken with Cashew Nuts for a memorable and repeatable experience.
I decided to try out this place after hearing about it in many magazines.
I couldn't ignore the fact that she reach over the plate of one of my friends, who was in mid bite, to clear the table.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
less wait time for me!
A million better places to go in the city.
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
Overall, the ingredients and technique are there and I am encouraged enough to return at lunch or dinner to see whether the boldness of the flavour palette improves.
Good service, great food, good value, and never have to wait in line!
The prices were CHEAP compared to the quality of service and food.
For the price you pay for the food here, you'd expect it to be at least on par with other Japanese restaurants.
However, I think this place is a good hang out spot.
For Park avenue I expected so much more.
My boyfriend and I have been to The Minnow four times now and we have consistently been impressed.
It is a small restuarant so go early and it will be nice and quiet- go late and it will be packed!
THe perfect spot.
No plans to return anytime soon.
Everything about this restaurant was special.
While we thoroughly enjoyed the food, it was annoying to scream across the table for conversation.
Ambiance and music funky, which I enjoy.
head and shoulders above its neighboors on east 6 st, taj mahal is also very comparable, in food quality, to the much overpraised (and underdeserving) baluchi's.
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.
my first time here was with my gf for our 12 month anniversary.
Also, specify if you like your food spicy- its rather bland if you don't.
Everyone raved about the atmosphere (elegant rooms and absolutely incomparable views) and the fabulous food!
What came to our table was burned beyond recognition and stringy.
Thalia is a beautiful restaurant with beautiful people serving you, but the food doesn't quite match up.
Where tanks in other Chinatown restaurants display a lurking myriad of sad-looking marine life in their murky waters, the tanks at Ping's are clear as glass with healthy-looking creatures who do not yet know that they will be part of some dim sum lover's brunch.
What generous portions!
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
i had a delicious shrimp creole.
I don't appreciate places or people that try to drive up the bill without the patron's knowledge so that was a huge turnoff (more than the price).
While this can hardly be called a restaurant, it is possibly the best deal in Manhatten: $4 for a plate heaped with rice and 2-3 entrees.
In addition, the food is very good and the prices are reasonable.
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm, but the open kitchen is part of the charm.
So, again, give it a try.
Guess the 555Soul ads didn't launch her big modeling career.
i dont how this place is still running.
I love Ess-a-bagel, but I live on the west side, so I often go to Murray's for convenience.
Authentic Korean food lovers should visit 32nd Street, of course.
I highly recommend this beautiful place.
The service was a bit slow, but they were very friendly.
The food was great - sushi was good, but the cooked food amazed us.
Service is great, takeout is good too.
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course).
Rao is a good restaurant, but it's nothing special.
I thought this place was totally overrated.
Tasty Dog!
All in all, I would return - as it was a beautiful restaurant - but I hope the staff pays more attention to the little details in the future.
The bartenders and the managers are really nice and the decor is very comfy and laid-back, all the while being trendy.
I thought going to Jimmys would give me a real Domincan exprience.
A little crowded but they move that line really fast!
We will come back!!!
We had a 3 hour brunch- they definitely do not rush you- and they kept the unlimited mimosas flowing the whole time.
delicious simple food in nice outdoor atmosphere.
My husband and I take out from here 3-4 times a month.
Desserts include flan and sopaipillas.
Authentic Pakistani food.
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
But now that it's under new ownership and has been renovated, it looks great.
The plain slice is great and if you get toppings, the whole slice is topped with them, not sparsely sprinkled on like some places.
The beverages were excellent, and the dessert was good.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
But the best pork souvlaki I ever had is the main thing.
AMAZING MY FAVORITE!!!
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
Our visit their to say the least, was an unpleasant and costly experience!
Everytime I go there I can't pick anything to eat and not because the menu is filled with great things to eat.
The pizza was great.
Anytime and everytime I find myself in the neighborhood I will go to Sushi Rose for fresh sushi and great portions all at a reasonable price.
Maybe it has improved since then?
I'm still mad that i had to pay for lousy food.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
It is not worth for that bucks.
everything is scrumptious, from the excellent service by cute waitresses, to the extremely lush atmosphere.
The music does get a little loud at times, but it just made me want to lean closer to my beautiful wife, and as I did, I got a whiff of corriander.
A big disappointment, all around.
Very cozy and warm inside.....
I had the Thai style Fried Sea Bass...which was very good. 
I had a terrific meal, and our server guided us toward a very nice wine in our price range, instead of allowing us to purchase a similarly priced wine that wasn't as good.
Food is great.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
My vegetable risotto was burnt, and infused totally in a burnt flavor.
The service is awful.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
$170 down the toilet...
Hey, I think $2+ for a 5 block walk ain't bad.
Also, they do not take credit card so come with cash!
i've been back to nha trang literally a hundred times for the beef cubes - they're that good.
They charge different prices all the time.
i especially like their soft shell crab sandwich with fries.
Too bad Latin Quarters closed.
The table service could have been a little more attentive but as someone who also works in the service industry, I understood they were busy.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
I would definitely recommend Mary's and am making it one of my regular neighborhood haunts.
kalbi and nebbiolo do work together.
Service was quick.
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets, and Joya is the best.
We had half/half pizza, mine was eggplant and my friend had the buffalo and it was sooo huge for a small size pizza!
The hot dogs are top notch, and they're Slamwich is amazing!
This will be only the third online review I have ever made about a restaurant in my life.
Everyone was smiling so that made me feel welcome.
Pricey, but worth a try, at least once.
No thanks!!!
I only tried a simple dish of spinach ravioli in a light oil and garlic sauce, but it actually faired better than most NYC Italian joints I've tried similar dishes at.
I'd be horrified if my staff were turning away customers so early and so rudely!
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
Nice place though.
Kenny the owner is always there and he treats my family like we are part of his family.
Other apetizers and food
I think I've had some the best meals of my life at minnow.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
The lack of AC and the fact that there are a million swarming bodies (although everyone is polite and no one is pushing) is a slight turn off.
At first we were a little taken aback, as this seemed to present a problem, although the restaurant looked fairly empty, but they hastily put the table together for us.
No, really.
To dine at Thalia can be slightly deceiving because while its beautiful on the outside, its so bland on the inside.
It gets very crowded so I would suggest that you get their early.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
The food was pretty tradional but it was hot and good with large portions.
Recommended.
So all I'm trying to say is this restaurant is by far the best thai food restaurant I've ever been to.
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
We visited Bread Bar during January restaurant week and were so pleased with the menu selections and service.
The service was fast and friendly and the food was very tasty and they had the best hot sauce to add to your meals.
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
Try the mediterranean salad, it is a true experience for your taste buds!!
We had a good time.
Very popular style Izakaya (Sake and small portion of sake-friendly dishes ).
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
I had the best ravioli ever.
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.
Not enough wines by the glass either.
The soup for the udon was soy sauce and water.
The cold sesame noodles, which are a freebie when you order $10+, are delectable.
I have been twice to this restaurant.
From the entrees to the sides to the drinks, everything was creatively prepared yet still simple.
The prices are wonderfully low.
Next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks.
I have eaten there 3-4 times and the food was always good.
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.
And even with it's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!
the only things u could really taste are the very salty soy sauce (even its low sodium), the vinegar-soaked rice, and the scallion on top of the fish. 
The waitress was not attentive at all.
The food arrived 20 minutes after I called, cold and soggy.
I definitely will go back.
Overall, excellent restaurant!
but overall i give it a 10
(The asparagus, truffle oil, parmesan bruschetta is a winner!)
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
Cantinetta is a real treasure in a see of mediocre Italian restaurants.
The concept of japanese tapas is newly created and clearly doesn't work.
Unfortunately, the food is outstanding, but everything else about this restaurant is the pits.
All of it was simply amazing, unique and tasty and best of all it didn't break the bank.
I came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
The boutique selection of wines covers a wide variety without being imposeing.
We recently spent New Year's Eve at the restaurant, and had a great experience, from the wine to the dessert menu.
The staff is very kind and well trained, they're fast, they are always prompt to jump behind the bar and fix drinks, they know details of every item in the menu and make excelent recomendations.
The food is flavorful, plentiful and reasonably priced.
My fav was the sassy lassi...
Maybe the secret was that we went on a Sunday night and everything was great.
we love th pink pony.
We also ordered two hot dogs thinking they would be pretty good since there is a whole section on the menu devoted to them.
we split a tasty vegetable samosa and the malai tikka wrap.
Don't go.
Spice is great Thai food, love the inexpensive appetizers.
We do not need to go to a four-star restaurant anymore.
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
In such a crappy part of town to find a good value for lunch, this place is great.
It might have been a little too spicy for my friend, which you can couteract with eat more rice and keeping water on hand.
I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.
The service was poor, restaurant poorly lit, staff not very attentive and I would have rather eaten at a Mcdonald's than this joint.
For me dishes a little oily, but overall dining experience good.
After reading the posts, I was always skeptical to go to The Minnow, despite living in Park Slope.
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30.
The hot dogs were cold in the middle and the buns were stale.
After so many great reviews here, my bf and I went to Esca to celebrate my birthday last nite.
I thought I had died and gone to heaven.
It's boring on the inside, and our sushi was pretty below average... the tuna was soggy and the other rolls had no flavor.
Decor is charming.
Glad you have the luxury to throw out paying customers.
I'll being with a couple of positives: cool decor, good pita and hummus, and grilled octopus that was actually pretty tasty.
great toppings definitely a place you need to check out for late night munchies or a mid day boost!
Ingredients are organic which is a real plus for me.
Great sushi experience.
The Pad thai, lad nar and various other dishes all look good on paper but, I've had better thai food in less asthetically pleasing places.
Best Taiwanese food in NY!
Interior was so so.
Their coffee is quite good too!
I'd highly recommend it for a special occasion -- it provides and intimate setting and nice service.
No free drink.
It's usually packed for good reason, esp.
Chef Vincenzo, always there if you need him, is a real talent and a real Roman.
Just not good at all.
I have eaten at Shabu Tatsu at least 5 times and I always want to go back for more!
skip dessert.
people are rude bit again it's new york!
We just ate at Kai and were disapointed.
The bagels always warm, soft on the inside, crispy on the outside and enormous in size.
Best restaurant in Brooklyn
I took my boyfriend for a dinner on saturday night.
We weren't!
We were told that they were booked solid and no other table was available.
On the recommendation of a friend, I checked out Arezzo with my wife.
There was only one waiter for the whole restaurant upstairs.
It has good music, nice tapas, an interesting selection of wines (primarily Spanish) and a lowkey hip neighborhood clientele.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
Go there once and oh yes...you will go back...you will...
Definitely a neighborhood favorite.
amazing fresh dogs but best of all endless toppings!!!
Read all the other review, they'll confirm it.
There was a heat problem to boot, so it was about 40 degrees in the restaurant -- we had to request to uncheck our coats!
the homemade Guacamole, the unbelievable entree, and thee most amazing deserts.
This place doesn't compare with Mamoun's in terms of price, freshness, value, and consisent quality, but that's just my opinion.
The calamari comes with an incredible sauce, and the duck noodles are yummy as well.
If you are a vegetarian, this really isn't a good place to go.
The place is absolutely adorable and the food is delicious.
Red Dragon Roll - my favorite thing to eat, of any food group - hands down
The food there is so good that even to order out the wait is incredible.
but when we looked at the menu, there weren't a lot of choices, most of them were dumplings in the appetizer section.
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
If the weather is nice, try to snag an outside table.
one of the best Chicken Tikka Masala.
But the service is HORRID!
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens, this is among the best.
These are overpriced and you can get better just around the corner:
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
Zero ambiance to boot.
Good for dates or with friends.
I've had better chicken at BBQs!!!!
The food was delicious, the atmosphere was relaxed, and we have now adopted Plate 347 as our Secret on Second!
Excellent food, although the interior could use some help.
They brought glasses and the bottle, and just left the bottle at our table.
Staffs are not that friendly, but the taste covers all.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
The wine selection (by the glass and bottle) is wonderful and I always recommend that friends make a reservation if they're going to be in town.
Way below average
The food was excellent - authentic Italian cuisine made absolutely fresh.
Once you step into Cosette, you're miraculously in a small, off-the-beaten path Parisian bistro.
Simple healthy unglamorous food cheap.
In fact, two people could really share one plate.
Ive passed by the spot tons of times always wanting to go in.
The desserts are more appealing then stuffy overpriced French restaurants.
You cannot go wrong with this place.
Very good wine choices.
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.
Ive been to many Thai restaurants in Manhattan before, and Toons is by far the best Thai food Ive had (except for my mom's of course).
I would defiantly come back here again as one of my top choices.
The manager claimed that he could not compensate us for anything on the bill which just shows the lack of sophistication from the entire group.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
The combination of super-fresh ingredients in the dishes are unusual but really delicious.
Very, very nice
Not what I would expect for the price and prestige of this location.
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
It seems like this is a place the locals like and the people working here liked it too.
Moules were excellent, lobster ravioli was VERY salty!
The new menu has a few creative items,they were smart enough to keep some of the old favorites (but they raised the prices), the staff is friendly most of the time, but I must agree with the person that wrote about their favorite words: No, can't, sorry..., boy, they won't bend the rules for anyone.
I would go back.
This is a consistently great place to dine for lunch or dinner.
Pizza is terrific, as is homemade pasta.
Not a typical pizza joint, but good for a low key and fairly cheap nice sit down dinner.
They seemed to continue to rush us along, taking plates without asking if we were done (my sister still had her fork in hand). 
The owner and staff go to great lengths to make you feel comfortable.
I would definitely go back for a very special occasion, but not for regular fine dining.
In about 12 minutes, the thing is gone.
Don't get me started on the margaritas, either.
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
You will not be dissapointed by any of the choices in the menu.
i have eaten here on a different occasion - the food is mediocre for the prices.
Chicken teriyaki had tomato or pimentos on top??
Really cool stauff inside.
Having been a long time Ess-a-Bagel fan, I was surpised to find myself return time and time again to Murray's.
Sapphire is the only Indian restaurant I go to when I'm in NYC.
For the next hour and a half we stood in the crowded lobby area of this touristy restaurant listening to all types of explanations of why we were not being seated.
very good breads as well.
The dim sum servings here are a bit larger than I'm used to.
Not only did they have amazing, sandwiches, soup, pizza etc, but their homemade sorbets are out of this world!
The strong scents coming from the left and right of me negatively affected my taste buds.
Poor service and management
Frites were delicious if a bit on the thick side.
I've been frequenting The Tasting Room since it first arrived in the East Village and I've never been disappointed.
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
It's a great find in Astoria.
It was good, but was not what I thought it would be.
The dim sum is delectable while the prices are quite easy on the wallet.
The food was great and tasty, but the sitting space was too small, I don't like being cramp in a corner.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
they were dry and disgusting, i didn't even finish my first piece.
I'm amazed we haven't been kicked out of this place yet.
I loved this place!!
It was well worth the wait.
I attended a holiday dinner at the restaurant, and the food was majorly disappointing.
Service is average.
Food is excellent.
Wouldn't recomend it for dinner!
When we inquired about ports - the waitress listed off several but did not know taste variations or cost.
We will be back.
You could get a much better dining experience for the same amount of money in a lot of other French Bistros.
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
several times and put up with the waiters' bad manners, knowing that their job isn't easy.
This place blew me away...by far my new favorite restaurant on the uppereast side.
Everyone treats you like you were part of the family.
It was tiny and I felt like I was eating in someone's living room.
Normally that would be improper, however they were all delicious and my host did not complain.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
The wine the service was very good too.
The food is okay and the prices here are mediocre.
Trust me, it will be great, and all of it will be devoured in no time.
In summer-eat outside on a terrace (another great feature of Suan)!!!
I find that most Kosher restaurants are average to good, but this has been the best I've eaten so far.
If you like Sakagura but you feel it's too much, you'd better try Yokocho.
While there's a decent menu, it shouldn't take ten minutes to get your drinks and 45 for a dessert pizza.
How can they survive serving mediocre food at exorbitant prices?!
They have homemade pastas of all kinds -- I recommend the gnocchi -- yum!
This place is great.
Not cheap, but not that expensive either.
I LOOOVE their eggplant pizza, as well as their pastas!
I have dined at Mammino several times now and each time it gets bettter.
We all ate pasta entre'es, which were great.
Tuk Tuk is my second favorite neighborhood Thai place (the first being Joya).
A little noise but I think that was because of our party!
The food was below average, the service was pathetic, there was no ambience at all.
Complimentary stuff kept coming, and when the waiter saw me opening a gift, I received my dessert on a plate that had Happy Birthday written on it, with a candlevery nice touch, and attentive staff.
Dishes denoted as "Roy's Classics" (marked on the menu with asterisks) are tried-and-true recipes, such as macadamia-crusted mahi mahi, or subtly sweet honey-mustard beef short ribs.
They're rude at times, and not very friendly.
SO SO SO SO SO good!
We, there were four of us, arrived at noon - the place was empty - and the staff acted like we were imposing on them and they were very rude.
Everything we had was pretty good, but we have only been there once.
The staff was very attentive, the ambience lovely, and the food superb.
MMMMMMMMMmmmmmm so delicious
I loving bringing friends here - and I do so every chance I get.
However, looking at the table next to ours, we both sort of wished we had ordered pizza, which looked PERRRRRRRRRFECT.
The manager finally said he would comp the two glasses of wine (which cost less than the food), and made it seem like a big concession.
The service is always bad though, don't expect much of anything from your server, and I would not recommend bringing a date here either.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
The porcini mushroom pasta special was tasteless, so was the seafood tagliatelle.
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.
Very good wine choices.
His food is excellent (and not expensive by NYC standards- no entrees over $30, most appetizers $12 to 14).
Food was very good as well, considering that we tried the budget selection (though I wish the pork belly that I ordered was roasted a bit longer, so that fat was more of a melt-in-your-mouth experience).
overall, a solid restaurant and at less than $40pp (including wine), a solid deal as well.
Great service, great food.
From the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.
My chicken was inedible as there were so many fatty lumps which i had to keep spitting out into my napkin.
The food is outstanding and the service is quick, friendly and very professional.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
While there are plenty of places to go for a good corned beef sandwich, Katz's has a charm about it.
Food is great.
for 7 years they have put out the most tasty, most delicious food and kept it that way...
Acceptable prices.
The Dim Sum was so-so, but not spectacular.
My steak au poivre was one of the worst I've had.
The sangria's - watered down.
If you' re in New York, you do not want to miss this place.
great place to go for a drink too because they have 100 kinds of beer.
It's convenient.
This was on a Tuesday night.
Service was just ok, it is not what you'd expect for $500.
They also do a great job for restaurant week.
We come from New Jersey to eat at Kinoko.
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
Tasty but expensive.
The website and rating makes this place look wonderful but in reality it was very disappointing.
The sushi was awful!
Everyone I have spoken too there is super friendly, helpful, and willing to the extra mile for a customer.
I think the restaurant was too loud (when full) to be romantic.
I had the salmon dish and while it was fine, for the price paid, I expected it to have some type of flavor.
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
My friends settled for rice dishes, but we came back the following day to try the dim sum, which was good...not outstanding, but good.
Not only is the food authentic, but the staff here are practically off-the-boat, they are young and hip and know what they are doing when it comes to food and wine.
No gimmicks here -- the food speaks for itself in its freshness and preparation.
I stumbled upon this great pizzeria as I explored my new neighborhood.
I asked for an open faced cheese sandwich and the manager basically told me to take my business elsewhere!
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
even the wine by the glass was good.
A real dissapointment.
It's charmingly small and that leads to an atmoshere that is extremely cozy and romantic, even.
Leon is an East Village gem: casual but hip, with well prepared basic French bistro fare, good specials, a warm and lively atmosphere.
Has the chef and owner changed???
We were well attended to by the enthusiastic staff especially the manager Tony Gaskin who made excellent suggestions for our menu selections.
The appetizers we ordered were served quickly - an order of fried oysters and clams were delicious but a tiny portion (maybe 3 of each). 
It was delish and I didn't feel bad eating it.
Went there and had a combination of different seafood dishes and appetizers.
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
Drinks: 2 glasses of Dom Perignon at $35 each.
Rude service, medicore food...there are tons of restaurants in NY...stay away from this one
The foie gras was sweet and luscious.
The place was nice and calm.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
Best In ALL of NYC
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
try the spicy shrimp appetizer (again, not the greatest value in the world but worth the price) and the lamb vindaloo is great.
Nicky the Nose at the bar is a treat.
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.
Even though the restaurant was packed, we were seated promptly and even asked for a table upstairs with no problems.
Also, the hostess called me today to thank us for coming and mentioned how she hoped that my girlfriend enjoyed her birthday - unexpected, but a truly above and beyond thing to do...
My friends and I go once a week (minimum, we live in the area) and everytime can't resist walking out ready to burst.
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
The view is breathtaking the service is top notch... the ambiance is wonderfull.
My chow fun and chow see was really bland and oily.
Besides, when you have bad service, that's less money you have to tip.
Waiting three hours before getting our entrees was a treat as well.
quacamole at pacifico is yummy, as are the wings with chimmichuri.
But $1 for each small piece???
But they do.
i don't usually order wine with indian so i can't comment on their wine list or their wines.
The service was bad, the food took to forever to come, we sat on the upper level.
I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
Here the hot dog is elevated to the level of a real entree with numerous variations available.
I came across Village Underground by accident, now I go there all the time.
I have been coming here for years and have nothing but good things to say about the service and the great staff at La Lanterna.
This place is always packed.
Go with a group of friends and you will have a great time.
We came across this restaurant by accident while at a DUMBO art festival and thoroughly enjoyed our meal.
We go often.
There were no communications issues either, as she spoke perfect English.
Stay with the roasted chickens and you'll be fine.
I found the food, service and value exceptional everytime I have been there.
Just straight up cheap, good food.
Yeah, it's that good.
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.
The service was extremely fast and attentive(thanks to the service button on your table) but I barely understood 1 word when the waiter took our order.
Service is friendly, prices are good - delivery time was a little slow, but for the way this pizza tastes, I'm willing to overlook it.
If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
It is terrific, as is the value.
My friends spoke so much about it for months, I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.
We had a great tiem watching the shows and characters and ar food was just what we were looking for.
Skip Nathan's...you can get that at the mall...go to Bark.
The staff has always been attentive and kind, and I've always been amazed at how they've handled all the various different group sizes that come in.
great hot dogs..
The staff was the friendliest that have seen in New York.
A Thai restaurant out of rice during dinner?
If you are in a big group, this place is perfect because it recomends sharing - they have lazy susans on most tables - even families can feel comfortable here.
We visited Orsay during NY Restaurant Week and tried their $35 menu.
Ok, for all of us growing up in the Village of NYC, we have spoiled by a plethora of restaurants, most of which stay open very late.
If it seemed possible to do so while there I would have fought my bill since my dinner portion of my meal was inedible!
Oh, don't even let me start with how expensive the bills were!
We would return to this place again!
I've been there a few times, and I usually end up sitting next to some pretty odd people.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
Apparently, the good cook works then.
Meanwhile, the bartender continued to pour champagne from his reserve after we had finished our bottle and we enjoyed an amuse of turnip soup with pureed basil, gratis.
After we got our sashimi order, I could not believe how small the portions were!
Well worth the trip, close to City Hall and downtown subway stops.
For those prices and the dressed up atmosphere you expect more and should get more.
Good bagels and good cream cheese.
However, it was worth the visit.
To my right, the hostess stood over a busboy and hissed rapido, rapido as he tried to clear and re-set a table for six.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
After dealing with subpar pizza all over the Kensington neighborhood - I've found little toninos.
The Waitstaff were very nice and suggested swordfish for my husband he enjoyed his meal.
The food was authentic.
Only suggestion is that you skip the dessert, it was overpriced and fell short on taste.
The food is o.k., but not any better than what you get at a good neighborhood restaurant.
awesome
I recommend the black roasted codfish, it was the best dish of the evening.
Bison was quite excellent however.
Staff is very accomodating.
Made my dining experience uncomfortable.
I was wrong.
Service was quick.
If you love wine and cheese and delicious french fare, you'll love Artisanal!
Appetizer are excellent here; you can make a great (and inexpensive) meal out of them.
Finally!
go here for the drinks!
went there last night with my coworker.
The bagel was huge.
To begin, we were told there was a 30 minute wait and started to leave, when the hostess offered to call us on our cell phone when the table was ready.
JUST AWSOME.
We were fans of the half-price Saturday night option until some inedible squid during a recent visit.
Our server checked on us maybe twice during the entire meal.
It is so romantic.
This restaurant is such a great place.
Molto bene!
from an English speaking staff.
I love it.
I'm not sure why these other reviewers are whining so much.
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
I must say the view of NYC is so beautiful!
It's a small cute restaurant.
At 5 dumplings for $1, you just cannot go wrong.
What more can you ask for?
The service was typical short-order, dinner type.
Mizu is the Japenese find in Grammercy.
This is one of our all-time favorite.
Wine list is extensive without being over-priced.
and never strayed.
Among all of the new 5th avenue restaurants, this offers by far one of the best values for your money.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
wont come back again for sure!
When we stumbled on Leon, we thought that we had found quite the gem BUT, we were certainly wrong.
Great pizza and fantastic service.
Forget the rush and the wait and the noise (which isn't actually that bad), I mean please, who goes to a steakhouse to be coddled and romantic?
The chicken parm was edible but had canned tomato sauce and boxed pasta and the chicken with portobello mushrooms consisted of dry, inedible chicken with terrible sauce.
It only took about five or so minutes to get an empty table, but standing up wasn't too bad.
I was there on sat. for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
Regardless of whether there are two people or two hundred people ahead of you the hostess will take your name and tell you Five minutes.
They've the best desserts and mixed drinks as well as snack foods.
The setting is casual and romantic.
Best Chinese on the Upper East, prompt delivery, good value.
My boyfriend and I are avid restaurant goers, and we are always on the lookout for new places and our friend had recommended Flatbush Farms.
Spreads and toppings are great - though a bit pricey.
And, atlhough tables opened up next to us and we ASKED for a slightly larger space, they left us awkardly seated.
On a recent Saturday night, I was with a group of 5 at the Bread Bar.
The plain pizza was soggy and the creative wild mushroom(third generation-Fornini) pizza we had was drenched with truffle oil in the middle( again making it soggy) and nothingon the rest.
A great place to meet up for some food and drinks...  
last Tuesday for a late lunch with a friend.
Dip the ingredients in with your chopsticks, swirl them around, and eat.
After hearing a lot of great things about the restaurant, and passing by it on a daily basis, we decided to try.
My friends spoke so much about it for months, I finally made the time to come down ear and dine in.
Been going here since it opened have seen the quality value decrease considerably.
They're are better Taiwanese restaurants and they are located in Flushing, Queens.
Please try the Filet Mignon, its just the most tender piece ever.
The establishment scores big points in presentation and style.
Love YUKA.
We did tip, I guess the model/waitress just wanted more and complained to the manager.
Trust me.
I went there in late afternoon for some bite size food and refleshment with my date.
My biggest complaint was the un-tasty food although presented well.
SEA has become so popular that they've let it go to their heads.
The waitstaff were attentive, polite and helpful - an impressive feat in such close quarters.
Always a nice crowd, but never loud.
Have been dozens of times and never failed to enjoy the experience.
I'm glad I was introduced to this place and this is a rare gem in NY.
It was not above ordinary and the beef version had cheap (undercooked) beef.
Don't look down your nose at me like that...
It's super-trendy and there's always someone to take that empty seat, so it seems that customer service has been deemed not of the essence.
Not only is the service great, but forming conversation around a table is so easy beacuse the atmosphere can be both romantic and comfortable.
Here you get the zen feel without feeling rigid.
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
My husband and I both ordered the Steak, medium.
This is such a lovely, peaceful place to eat outside.
DO not try unless you're just going there to hang out like the rest of the hipsters who apparently have no sense of taste.
For myself and family we would only go here to celebrate an occassion, I do prefer smaller, quiter restaurants.
Yes you have to wait to be seated and because its small there is no waiting area and the seat at the bar was all taken.
Everything about this place was wonderful.
The location and ambience is Ok but the food is what makes up for it.
We were very surprised by how good the food was on our first visit here on a Sunday night.
I need at least three rolls to be full, and that's at least $14.00!
The sake menu should not be overlooked!
We were pleasantly surprised.
Heartland Brewery is by far one of the best places in NYC to make new friends and catch up with old ones.
Stay away from the latter since you won't go for seconds (hint hint).
He can't help, they're bought up so fast.
Are you freaking kidding me?
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)
I'm from sichuan, this is the restaurant I recommend going.
Everything I had was good, and I'm a eater.
On a recent Sunday afternoon, a friend and I accidently found this great restaurant on our way to see the pulitzer prize winning play DOUBT.
I never write on these sites but this restaurant is def worth commending!
came here for restaurant week, didn't save much, but it was still great.
Service is extraordinary, yet not overbearing, and the decor brings a taste of trendy SoHo into Queens.
also make sure you pay attention to the music being piped in - quite a weird selection.
We live in New Jersey and whenever we go into New York City we buy bagels to eat hot and then to freeze (they told me that if I call in the order, they'd bring it out to the car so I wouldn't have to look for parking).
I have never in my life sent back food before, but I simply had to, and the waiter argued with me over this.
When you want a piece of beef, head on over.
My son and his girlfriend both wanted cheeseburgers and they were huge!
By far this is the only chinese desserts place I know in NY or anywhere close in the Northeastern America that serves desserts with frog jelly in a couple of varieties and pig feet ginger simmered in black vinegar.
So I decide to report back to the waitress because it was completely inedible.
Hurley's is terrific!
wow! how have i missed this one ,tried Long Tan last week for the first time and now know what the NY TIMES and many more in the neighborhood already knew.
I found the food to be outstanding, particulary the salmon dish I had.
The food is great and the milkshakes are even better!
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
This place...god where do i begin.
We went around 9:30 on a Friday and it had died down a bit by then so the service was great!
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
The staff is incredibly helpful and attentive.
Service is fast and friendly.
I'm not picky - but it was actually gross.
Maybe it was just an unintentional mistake but I've experienced the same with other restaurants so I don't appreciate such practice.
BEST spicy tuna roll, great asian salad.
The New York Times has reviewed this place three times already, you know it's going to be good.
I had a great experience.
I wasn't thrilled to have to wait on line for thirty minutes, but I guess that's the price you pay for a popular place.
I will be going back very soon.
Chow fun was dry; pork shu mai was more than usually greasy and had to share a table with loud and rude family. 
The hot dogs are good, yes, but the reason to get over here is the fantastic pork croquette sandwich, perfect on its supermarket squishy bun.
We had the lobster sandwich and it was FANTASTIC.
At first i was rolling my ideas of yet another French place on the UES.
Old school meets New world.
it's good but, like the movie is never as good as the book, this is same analogy.
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
Unless you are eating in the Pizzeria side of this place, and are not in a rush, this place is a bad idea.
It's a basic pizza joint, not much to look at, but the pizza is what I go for.
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
They have a huge selection of different cream cheeses and all of their salads are great.
This is a wonderful place on all stand points especially value ofr money.
Jimmy is Dominican!
You will not be missing anything.
All the people that I bring there go back on their own and bring THEIR friends!
My boyfriend had Prime Rib it was good .
Yes, it is good, but I've had better for cheaper.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
I have been going back again and again.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
It's not mind-blowing, but to me, thai food never is and never will be.
The worst excuse for Japanese food I've ever encountered.
Not because you are "The Four Seasons"...  you are allowed to charge an arm and a leg for a romatic dinner.
I stumbled upon this second floor walk-up two Fridays ago when I was with two friends in town from L.A. 
Two wasted steaks -- what a crime!
I complete the total bagel experience by having it lightly toasted.
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
Nothing against a good sales call, but the tactics at Amma are just too obvious.
Everyone I bring here always loves it.
Frankly, when you compare what you can have here for lunch, versus McDs or so many other sandwich shops in the city, there is no comparison.
However, it is jus too good to not praise it.
Enjoy!!!
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!
I read the other review and have to say I had the opposite experience here last Sunday.
The fish is fresh and each piece is sliced to perfection and seasoned by the sushi chef (usually with a little fresh wasabi and soy sauce but also sometimes with some sea salt).
(I've ordered from the 2nd ave.
We were a group of 8 and well seved.
Fresh ingredients and everything is made to order.
Just remember, the later you go, the longer you may have to wait.
A classic!
Favourites include: potato spinach gnocchi and the lamb.
It was pretty inexpensive too.
It could have been handled better.
The food was very expensive (we spent $160 for lunch for two) but extremely tasty.
Overall a disappointing experience for that price category.
Bring your date and a bottle of wine!
Try the spicy wontons and the salt pepper shrimps.
I grew up eating Dosa and have yet to find a place in NY to satisfy my taste buds.
I wish I lived there as I would eat at this place as often as possible!
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
get over it!
Looking around, I saw a room full of New Yorkers enjoying a real meal in a real restaurant, not a clubhouse of the fabulous trying to be seen.
All in all, the food was great (except for the dessserts).
I went here with my boyfriend for our anniversary.
One of the best, if not THE best, restaurants in Park Slope (and NY in general)
despite the untasteful previous review...
Open late (well as late as I ever got there and I'm a night person)
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
Had no flavor and the staff is rude and not attentive.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
But $1 for each small piece???
The food itself was just ok - nothing spectacular - but the service was awful.
THEY HAVE WAITERS ON THE SIDEWALK TRYING TO PULL YOU IN WHICH MADE US SUSPICIOUS.
Inexpensive, unassuming, great time!
I had fish and my husband had the filet - both of which exceeded our expectations.
Bon appettite!!
for Meetball Night.
I have been doing all of the above at the Heartland Brewery for over 5 years now and I HAVE NEVER BEEN DISAPPOINTED!
We had a wonderful meal at Naples 45 a month ago on a visit to NYC.
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
Service was very good and warm.
However, being foodies, we were utterly disappointed with the food.
We always have a delicious meal and always leave feeling satisfied.
I wouldn't even have complained at all if the food at least tasted good but the quality of food was crappy, too.
Salads are a delicious way to begin the meal.
The closest that I got was the Cherry Marscapone, but they were out of it that day.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
The spicy mussels are a highlight.
Sauce was watery and the food didn't have much flavor.
The owner and staff are all Japanese as well and that adds to the entire ambiance.
We replied that we would like to wait 5 more minutes if that was okay. 
We also asked for Hooka six times and the waiter kept telling us one minute and never returning with the Hooka.
With the great variety on the menu , I eat here often and never get bored .
Nice restaurant overall, with classic upscale Italian decor.
It's to die for!
I lOVE THIS PLACE!
The staff was knowledgeable and full of personality.
The service was attentive, yet discreet.
Cool atmosphere, the fire place in the back really ads to it but needs a bit more heat throughout on a cold night.
I was there on sat.
Raga's is a romantic, cozy restaurant.
The skillfully chosen Portuguese cheese cart paired with quality port provides the perfect Iberian ending.
The most annoying thing, though, is the fact that the servers seem to be trained to drive revenue.
The food is very good too but for the most part, it's just regular food, nothing special.
Nice find.
I work around the corner and tried it with a colleague for the first time.
However, I think Jeckll and Hydes t is one of those places that is fun to do once.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
We were very impressed with the food and value.
The service is friendly, if not the most prompt in the world, the food is great, and the prices, while not cheap, won't put your wallet out of commission.
Ess-A-Bagel (either by Sty-town or midtown) is by far the best bagel in NY.
In fact, this was not a Nicoise salad and was barely eatable.
My wife had the fried shrimp which are huge and loved it.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
The only thing I moderately enjoyed was their Grilled Chicken special with Edamame Puree.
I was almost amused by the fact that she was turning away customers at 9pm on a Friday night because she "had a BBQ to go to" that night - WTF??
I was very disappointed with this restaurant.
My friends and I came across this place while walking in the village.
The food was terrific and the service classy, attentive, without being overbearing.
Got a little loud after 8pm when the joint got full.
I almost wanted to write a bad review, so no one would ever go here and I could have all the dumplings to myself!
The lava cake dessert was incredible and I recommend it.
I'd definitely recommend this little place.
Not pretentious and very economical.
Also, the sandwiches (nearing $7) didn't come with anything like chips or a side.
The food they serve is not comforting, not appetizing and uncooked.
The spicy tuna roll was unusually good and the rock shrimp tempura was awesome, great appetizer to share!
Fish is so very fresh.
Yes, there might be a wait if you have no reservations.
IT WAS HORRIBLE.
A narrow corridor leads to a tiny space where there are three tiny white tiled counters, a great deal of mess (stacks of bottles, cans) and a small counter holding 12-14 entrees.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
The veal and the mushrooms were cooked perfectly.
You can't say its cheap because food is cheaper in Chinatown.
Great staff.
I have never had anything like it!
Sushi experience was unbelievable with my fiance.
All I can say is $2 pints during happy hour and the some of the cheapest oysters you'll find in the city, though the quality is some of the best.
Rather than eating the meat entree being offered, I requested a vegetarian dish.
The service was quick and friendly.
We were in search of food and stumbled on this block of Indian restaurants on East Sixth Street.
I cannot imagine better Indian food in all of the city.
The chicken pot pie is excpetiona, the cheeseburger huge and delictable, and the service professional wan warm.
The food was delicious and the waiter was incredibly helpful and attentive (considering we were the only ones there for the first hour).
Anybody who likes this place must be from a different planet, where greasy, dry and tasteless are complimentary.
As I made the title, it's an affordable restaurant for great taste.
The food was well prepared and the service impecable.
I can't wait to go back.
My wife and I recently visited the bistro for dinner and had a wonderful experience.
The food is authentic Italian - delicious!
As to my comment about the food, no apology or acknowledgment was made.
Great Atmosphere
Pizza - the only pizza in NYC that should not have additional toppings - the crust tastes like the best, freshly baked bread!
Well...they can run but they can't hide.
My Girlfriend and I stumbled onto this hopping place the other night and had a great time!
As a long-time patron of Mamoun's, I always figured that I had found the best late night food spot in the city.
It took a bigger bite from my wallet than my appetite - I would not reccomend this to anyone that I would want to talk to me again!!
We ate here in March, 2006 and ordered the pre-theatre 3-course dinner with wine flight.
I wish I could like this place more, and I wish someone would retrain the staff.
The hostess is rude to the point of being offensive.
Service was good and food is wonderful.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
The wine list isn't great, and the desserts are shipped in from Bruno's down the street, which is not as good as it used to be.
Yes, I ate the food, but I certainly would not have if I had seen the maggot before eating, and I was at this point fairly sick to my stomach.
It takes forever to get a drink and they almost always forget to bring something (although they dont forget to charge you for it.
I love this cozy around the way Rest.
I picked the Grilled Black Cod as my entree, which I absolutely devoured while someone commented that the Grilled Salmon dish was better.
Also, waiters try to push more food on you, like suggest things as if they are complimentary when they actually cost $.
Despite a slightly limited menu, everything prepared is done to perfection, ultra fresh and a work of food art.
Yes, they use fancy ingredients, but even fancy ingredients don't make for good pizza unless someone knows how to get the crust right.
This is the pinnacle of Indian Fast Food (all fast foods in my opinion).
Went there for a special celebration.
Overall, the best bagel in town.
With all the mundane or mediocre places on 8th avenue it is nice to have one that is a step above in quaility and atmosphere.
The space is a bit too small for live music, so on  jazz nights, it can be loud and cramped.
I was so stunned, and I left the dinner hungry and majorly disappointing.
The food was lousy - too sweet or too salty and the portions tiny.
Quite frankly, this is some of the worst sushi I have ever tried.
The portions of the food that came out were mediocre.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
The food was actually aweful.
I highly recommend it for not just its superb cuisine, but also for its friendly owners and staff.
Between my guest and I, we sampled at least 80% of the menu, and they were all hits.
Oh right, I should probably say something nice.
Ask for Usha, the nicest bartender in manhattan.
An oasis of refinement:  Food, though somewhat uneven, often reaches the pinnacles of new American fine cuisine - chef's passion (and kitchen's precise execution) is most evident in the fish dishes and soups.
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
This is the BEST Shabu-Shabu Restaurant in the Try-State Area.
No thanks!!!
We were told that the wait was about twenty minutes and there would be no problem for our 8:00 pm curtain call.
An excellent service
Not cheap but very yummy.
We were planning to get dessert but the waitress basically through the bill at us before we had a chance to order.
I love this place
The Prix Fixe menu is worth every penny and you get more than enough (both in quantity AND quality).
over.
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
After dinner the manager grabbed my boyfriend, asked him: Where are you from...maybe you dont know how things work in America...and in the end stormed away almost teareyed yelling that tips are the only thing they survive on.
When I'm feeling stressed by the noise and congestion around my office, I head for Cafe St. Bart's.
For some reason, all the seafood on the menu was unavailable except for the Salmon.
Bagels are ok, but be sure not to make any special requests!
And the bill was outragous.
I loved it and would go again.
The food is delicious - from the specials to the regular menu-fare, the dishes are never a disappointment.
When we were finally seated our waitress came by twice-1 for our order and 2-for our check.
They even scoop it out nice (for those on a diet) not too much not to little.
Very good value
The meat dishes were only so-so.
Not only have I worked in restaurants for many years, I am now in culinary school, I am a huge lover of oysters and fish, and my girlfriend is half Korean!
Service was prompt and courteous.
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.
The food always tastes fresh and served promptly.
We did arrive late for our reservation so I can not complain too much about the wait for a table.
Suan was a recommendation that I am glad we heeded.
I cannot recommend OG more highly if I tried - check it out for yourself.
The menu has lots of options: I hope to go back to try those potato pancakes.
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
Also good for client lunch meetings, esp.
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town.
We ordered the chicken casserole, but what we got were a few small pieces of chicken, all dark meat and on the bone.
It was wonderful.
Pizza was a little soggy.
It's a great place to order from or sit-in.
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
Why do people rave about the ambience.
This restaurant is not worth the time, effort, or money to say the least.
It took them 25 minutes to bring our appetizer.
The sauces used are also not that exciting.
However, I was there for a work dinner not long ago when my colleague from London noticed a very large waterbug on the ceiling.
Their Margarita is best I've had since I've returned from Naples!
I was visiting New York City with a friend and we discovered this really warm and inviting restaurant.
I know real Indian food and this wasn't it.
The food was extremely tasty, creatively presented and the wine excellent.
I highly recommend visiting this restaurant and having dinner and drinks!
The decor is very simple but comfortable.
Go only if you are already in the neighborhood and don't want to bother going farther for a better place.
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
Wine list is not huge but def well selected.
I liked this place the first time but doubt I will ever return.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
I would highly recommend Nina's to anyone who wants to have a romantic dinner in a heart warming surrounding filled with candles and family pictures.
Went here last night and had a pleasant experience.
Beware of the chili signed food items not unless you want to call the fire department to douse the flames in your mouth.
However it is the ONLY Taiwanese restaurant in town.
The staff isn't the friendliest or most competent, and I am stickler for service, but everything else about this place makes up for it.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
We go on Mondays for the prix fixe and our experience with the food has been comparable to Blue Ribbon.
After really enjoying ourselves at the bar we sat down at a table and had dinner.
Okay-i don't mind the oily part (cause most are cooked that way) but it was way too bland.
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
Drawbacks: service is slow and they don't toast!
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
We were ushered to the bar to wait momentarily and upon arrival were so excited.
Well, their deliveries take for ever and the food is usually cold.
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
Prices too high for this cramped and unappealing resturant.
When my dessert came, there was a candle in it - not because anyone asked for one - but because the waiter must have seen me opening my birthday card and gift, and said he knew it was a special occassion of some sort.
The bar is very well stocked with interesting beers and well priced wines.
One of my favorite places in Manhattan.
Meal was very expensive for what you get.
Service is average.
Prices are very good.
Kind of a small place but I guess if they are not too busy might be able to fit a group or kids.
Chance is a small cozy restaurant, with a romantic feel to it, the decor is great.
The wife had the risotto which was amazing.
I would definitely come back to this restaurant.
Host and Hostess was quite rude.
The service leaves much to be desired, from feeling like you are rushed the place your order, to being ignored the rest of the night.
Malted Milk Ball Gelato - have you ever in your life heard of anything so ridiculously wonderful?
I heartily recommend.
I have to agree with the previous reviewer.
Great for groups, great for a date, great for early brunch or a nightcap.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
I like the ambience, it's very dark and original.
I keep my fingers crossed the whole subway ride hoping that there will be a table I can sit at by myself and not have to share with the rice congee soup people.
This is the perfect date spot for Williamsburg couples.
For a savory take on the soup and sandwich meal, try the hot and sour soup.
And I hate to say this but I doubt I'll ever go back. 
One less manhattanite the better.
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
Succulent steaks cooked precisely to your desired 'doneness' accompanied by salads and sides that don't look like leafy road kill.
Its not curry in a slurry crap, and regular run of the mill food.
Even with a relatively inexpensive botle of wine, if you can call $70.00 inexpensive, the cost is through the roof for better than average fare.
The food was authentic.
All the food was hot tasty.
This is the Cheers of New York, whether you've ever been there or not.
We usually go to the Chart House to celebrate a birthday or anniversary.
There are so many other great places to go to eat and drink..... this place is not worth it...
Some baby pizzas get their wish.
I just wonder how you can have such a delicious meal for such little money.
The menu seemed to have a wide variety of dishes for seafood lovers and interesting ways of preparing them.
My friends and I have been going here regularly for two years.
Turned out there was full service upstairs and sat down.
It is far more popular as a bar than as a restaurant, with only a few tables and the waiter being the bartender, but we greatly enjoyed the unobtrusive atmosphere.
Yum, the chicken is great here.
Avoid this place!
This place has got to be the best japanese restaurant in the new york area.
I really didn't know what to expect for a restaurant that literally overlooks the main hall of Grand Central.
The other times I've gone it's romantic date heaven, you can walk in get a booth by the windows, be treated like a VIP in a not-crowded place, with great food and service.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
We had Lava Cake... we ordered when our food came it takes at least a 1/2 to make it. 
The food was mediocre and the service was severely slow.
The pizza is delicious - they use fresh mozzarella instead of the cheap, frozen, shredded cheese common to most pizzaria's.
During our trip to NYC, we made reservations to dine in the pool room of the Four Seasons for their pre-theater menu (offering a modified menu for $65 pp).
for an appetizer, their calamari is a winner.
It was so bad I actually refused to pay for my food.
Warning: You may find it difficult to dine at other Japanese restaurants after a visit to Mizu!
We will definitely go back.
Satisfying.
The bagels are fabulous.
That said, I thought Scalini Fedeli was one of the best dining experiences I've EVER had.
Terrible Waste of money.. scammers
There is actually space to breathe and the decor sets the tone for an intimate dinner.
I loved it.
I had their eggs benedict for brunch, which were the worst in my entire life, I tried removing the hollondaise sauce completely that was how failed it was.
There was a small wait, but shorter than I expected.
Less = More in their case.
The selection changes frequently but the basic dishes are always available.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
My husband and I enjoy Sangria.
Please be aware that it's CASH or AMEX only!
The caeser salad was great.
Owner is pleasant and entertaining.
What an amazing meal and experience!
The food was exceptional.
However, their popularity has yet to slow down, and I still find myself drawn to their ambiance and delectable reputation.
It's a shame that a nice, convenient place like the Pink Pony can be so ruined by lousy service.
Try it side by side and there's no comparison.
I went here for a family birthday dinner. 
The lobster knuckles (special of the day) were ok, but pretty tasteless.
We went here for lunch a couple of weeks ago on a Saturday, and I was thoroughly impressed with the food.
Once they ran out of Gnochi and made it for me from scratch!
They were served warm and had a soft fluffy interior.
I highly recommend it.
My family and I ate here last night for our annual Christmas dinner with the family members who would rather spend the holidays with friends out-of-town.
This is an amazing place to try some roti rolls.
In China the phrase for a good restaurant is hot and loud.
Only complaint would be that at an average cost of $12-$15 per meal, I'd like not to have to worry about finding a seat!
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
excellent tapas at great prices, romantic, small but not overly crowed, excellent
Run don't walk.
The one positive thing I can say is that the service was prompt, we got seated right away and the server was very friendly.
I came again weeks later with my boyfriend and again had a very nice experience.
and yes Dal Bukhara is so dam good and so are all the kababs.
My wife and I were in NYC celebrating our 30th anniversary.
Impressed...
THE SERVICE IS PERFECT TOO  NOTHING WRONG IN THIS ITALIAN/FRENCH RESTAURANT
I honestly don't even know where to begin.
This quaint and romantic trattoria is at the top of my Manhattan restaurant list.
To celebrate a birthday, three of us went to Mare anticipating great food.
The waiters were very professional, courteous and attentive.
Young neighborhood trendies graze at the counter during the day, while chic, art-house drinkers with heavy doses of the munchies pile in late at night.
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
The combination of fresh tomato sauce, fresh mozz cheese, basil and the dough they make with imported flour, makes this is one of the better pizza's in NY.
I haven't eat a lamb chop as delicious as that,the salads are really nice dressed with lemon and extra virgnin olive oil.
Just stick with the small dishes!
The place was nice and calm.
Service was prompt, friendly and great.
We left after one drink.
Hands down the best pizza on the planet.
Its a nice quiet location to go eat a good meal, relax, be able to talk and have a very good time.
The first time I went, and was completely taken by the live jazz band and atmosphere, I ordered the Lobster Cobb Salad.
Three strikes and this restaurant is out.
It was the first place we ate on our first trip to New York, and it will be the last place we stop as we head out of town on our next trip to New York.
They have it all -- great price, food, and service.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
Even with John's and Joe's around the corner, this place will make a name for itself.
its alright
Ok, so the servers wander around a little clueless, but there's more than enough servers for the crowd they get -- it's fine, you just have to make a small effort to get their attention.
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
Every time I have a special occasion with my boyfriend I have a hard time going anywhere else.
The staff is courteous and friendly.
The only fallback on this restaurant is the prices.
Our son loves pizza and we have a certified Neapolitan pizzaria in our home city (Seattle), we liked this nearly as much - and the differences were more about personal preference than any reflection on either restaurant.
The staff has always been friendly without seeming grating, and the chef has greeted us on a couple of occasions.
We ate out in the back patio, which is worth it as it's cool and the music is hear well there.
Look elsewhere.
They were very abrupt with me when I called and actually claimed the food was late because they were out of rice.
Want to impress?
The bread is top notch as well.
The high prices you're going to pay is for the view not for the food.
We weren't!
Had dinner here on a Friday and the food was great.
Monday nights are a bargain at the $28 prix fix - this includes a three course meal plus *three* glasses of wine paired with each course.
(that is A MUST, but not every restaurant can do...) 
You get the sense that the people there care about their restaurant and about your experience and that is very nice.
I highly recommend the restaurant based on our experience last night.
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
Overall A oh ya even though there is waiting it is deff worth it
I've waited over one hour for food.
We never ate because by close to 2 in the monring we were not served and were too upset ad tired to start eating.
The service is great, my soup always arrives nice and hot.
I lOVE THIS PLACE!
I can say that the wraps, burgers and salads were all fresh, tasty and the mango margareta at $9 was WELL WORTH the money.
Luckily we saved room for the BBQ Salmon, Sea Bass and Crispy Duck.
So, the menu is written in chalk above your head and it all sounds delicious.
Go to Volare for 1st class service and terrific food.
The place is a bit hidden away, but once you get there, it's all worth it.
Okay, so I never write but there doesn't seem to fair balance of positive to negative reviews concerning Green Bo and it's time to speak up - I live in Chinatown.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
Their twist on pizza is heatlhy, but full of flavor.
Wine list selection is good and wine-by-the-glass was generously filled to the top.
The service, wine selection, ambiance are all outstanding and deserve recognition.
I've eaten at all three locations and I always love, love the food, the service is always wonderful and the prices are really reasonable.
The sushi is cut in blocks bigger than my cell phone.
I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants.
Decor is nice and minimalist, food simple yet very well presented and cooked, and the wine list matches the food very well.
Have eaten at Ginger House several times, and it's always good.
We asked to be moved (which took half an hour), and then were seated in a high traffic area in the back, even though the rest of the room was practically empty.
If you're craving some serious indian food and desire a cozy ambiance, this is quite and exquisite choice.
for about eleven bucks you get a gigantic burrito (or tacos), margarita, and dessert.
Bukhara Grill, the tagline says it all.. "INDIAN SPICE RAVE"
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
For great chinese food nearby, you have Wu Liang Ye and Grand Sichuan just a block away.
The menu is great, with a good selection, and everything that I have tried is absolutely delicious.
One should not go to Lucky Strike for the food.
If only they delivered, they'd make a mint!
Went inside and I started to get excited.
The sicilian is my favorite it is moist not dry like most places but all their pizza is great!
We took advanatage of the half price sushi deal on saturday so it was well worth it.
After all that, they complained to me about the small tip.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
I ordered a Chicken Teriyaki dish and found that the chicken was extremely dry.
Our tiny table for two (dinner plates hung over edge) was right in the middle of one of the lanes of waiter traffic.
Great selection of wine, and seafood.
Obv caviar is top of the line but the rest of the menu is so diverse it gives you a chance to taste so manydifferent varietys.
now called nikki sushi, sushi is OK.
And the fried clams had just enough kick to them to make 'em worth eating.
I've had the lunch buffet at Chennai a couple of times, when I have been in the neighborhood.
I've also been amazed at all the new additions in the past few years: A new Jazz Bar, the most fantastic Dining Garden, the Best Thin Crust Pizzas, and now a Lasagna Menu which is to die for (these are not your average lasagnas)!
Furthermore, the rice had no seasoning, so the sushi was bland and disgusting.
The owner truly caters to all your needs.
i dont know what some people who rave about this hot dog are talking about.
The cream cheeses are out of this world and I love that coffee!!
I've been to Naples 45 for dinner twice.
I wish they would change back to what it was before.
They were such a rip-off ($8.95 for four small meat patties in steamed buns) and not worth trying.
Romantic if you want it to be (brightly lit).
How do you rate home?
Largest and freshest pieces of sushi, and delicious!
Delicious crab cakes too.
instead ordered an ice cold beer which to me works with indian.
This is the best sushi in new york city - hands down.
I got the $10 10-piece dim sum combo, every bite of which was great.
Lives up to the hype
I went there for lunch and it was not as good as I expected from the reviews I read.
This was one of the BEST restaurants I've ever been to.
It was wonderful.
Probably would not go again...
the icing MADE this cake, it was fluffy, not ultra sweet, creamy and light.
When family came in he gave them apps to test their palets, and then ordered for them.
For the location, the prices are very reasonable.
So sorry I can't rate this better.
Never once did I leave feeling unwelcome or impressed.
I thanked my friend who recommended me this restaurant and will certainly recommend it to others.
I've never been disappointed.
It was pleasantly uncrowded, the service was delightful, the garden adorable, the food (from appetizers to entrees) was delectable.
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
Their sake martini is wonderful.
The martinis are amazing and very fairly priced.
It took 100 years for Parisi to get around to making pizza (at least I don't think they ever made it before this year)...but it was worth the wait.
Pizzas were excellent in addition to appetizers and main courses.
It is LOUD, HOT and DARK.
If you're lucky and there's not a private party going on back there, you'll get a chance to really chill out.
Raga stands out with an interesting fusion of French and Indian cooking.
Some of the finest latin women you'll see in your life hang out at Jimmy's.
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
I always find myself asking the waiter to make something bland and different than what is on the menu.
Nobody at this restaurant will give firm answers about anything and in the end, not one person takes responsibility for anything.
A beautifully designed dreamy Egyptian restaurant that gets sceney at night.
The people in the restaurant were pretty obnoxious and loud.
The setting is casual and romantic.
We all felt it was worth it.
But, they were too big for the bun.
I ate clams oreganta and spectacular salad with perfectly marinated cucumbers and tomatoes with lots of shrimp and basil.
After my 3rd time the manager remembered me and treated me like an usual customer.
Great food, great prices, great service.
A plus was the good mix of people in their twenties that provided for great eye-candy while I was there.
Also, I personally wasn't a fan of the portobello and asparagus mole.
well, i didn't find it there, and trust, i have told everyone i can think of about my experience. 
Being serious sushi lovers, we sat at the sushi bar to be closer to the action.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
I almost hesititate to write a review because the atmosphere was so great and I would hate for it too become to crowded.
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.
I have walked by this place for eons and finally went thanks to a girls' night.
Nice value.
The ingredients taste fresher, the crust is thinner and crispier, the slice is less oily, and it's never burnt like it occasionally is at Joe's.
It's constantly open, catering to the Pakistani cabbies lined up on Crosby St., so there's more turnover with the food than you'd expect (i.e., surprisingly fresh).
If you venture off the island of Manhattan and can't seem to find a great Italian restaurant, drive to Corona.
Not only is this the best Thai restaurant I have been to, but it also ranks as one of my favorite places to dine.
Great vibe, lots of people.
Needless to say, I'm never going back and you should be wary too.
perfect for a quick meal.
The food is mostly made from scratch, fresh and well prepared.
We were fast to order the appetizer platter since we were very hungry.
It appears to be the owner's first venture and it shows.
It's a great place to pick up a cheap lunch or dinner.
Great sake!
great wine list (italian), good food, service was INITIALLY fine.
The hostess and the waitress were incredibly rude and did everything they could to rush us out.
In terms of the food itself -- nothing special, we limited ourselves to several appetizers.
i love margherita pizza  i looove east village pizza
When you enter, you feel like you have entered your mom's kitchen.
Overall the restaurant is more expensive than our other sushi favorites, but everything was delicious.
Hopefully next time, I will save room for dessert.
This is one of my favorite restaurants and it is not to be missed.
We went to Ino for Valentines.
A great choice at any cost and a great deal.
It took them 15 minutes to put water in our glasses.
I have eaten here several times before attending an afternoon performance.
Fantastic place.
The food here was great, a treat from beginning to end.
The food options rule.
One of my Fav spots in the city.
The service was dreadfully slow (the place was only half full) and a smile would have been nice...
We won't go to this place again for a good meal.
Stay away
great eats, good times.
not only does make the best pizza in NY , maybe anywhere.
it's delicious!
cirspy crust margherita pizza
The tastes makes your mouth water for more.
Authentic Shanghai style and I cannot recommend a better Shanghai place in New York.
The space is nice but when we order our drink we were in for a surprise.
Decor leaves something to be desired.
My roommate and I LOVE this place.
Reliable, Fresh Sushi
Owner must have coem on this website to give himself credit.
The bread and lamb chops I had before the meal were quite good, however.
Check it out, it won't hurt your stomach or your wallet.
The counter service is bad.
The unattractive lighting made me want to gag, the food was overpriced, there was the most awful disco pop duo performing-and my escargot looked like it might crawl off the plate.
The sushi was awful!
Our friends have not arrived yet.
Regardless, we'll be back and can't wait to visit in the summer to take advantage of the patio.
Stay away from this place.
The whole experience was satisfying.
First of all Dal Bukhara Rocks.
I went for restaurant week and ordered off the prix fixe menu
If youre planning to come here, make sure that your date is someone whom you really like since youll be ushered to private booths where there will be no people or food watching (choose the ones on the ground level that have glass ceilings so you may see the stars in the sky!).
I am going to the mid town location next.
Great pizza for lunch place.
To be honest we only ever eat the Shabu Shabu.
This place has the the correct ambience and an excellent staff to make you feel like a guest and a friend at the same time.
Beautiful experience.
Still, try it once, since if you end up loving the food, it could be one of your best dining experiences.
Our agreed favorite is the orrechiete with sausage and chicken (usually the waiters are kind enough to split the dish in half so you get to sample both meats).
This guy refused to seat her and she left, followed shortly by the four of us, but not before I told him that in my 40 years of world travel, including Paris, that I had never seen such a display of bad behavior by a frontman in a restaurant.
The best pad thai i've ever had.
I recommend this place to everyone who asks me where to go for a good meal.
Be sure not to get anything other than bagels!..
The food is very good for it's price, better than most fried dumplings I've had.
I would not recommend MEET at all, it is a rip off all the way from the time to step in!
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
They have very quick service which is great when you don't have much time.
First of all, this place is *not* romantic, as claimed by Citysearch's editorial review.
Everyone seemed generally happy with their food, except my brother who had the grilled Mahi Mahi, seemingly drenched in Grapfruit Juice! 
Save your money and don't waste your calories, go to Margharita's on Washington Street instead, they have amazing food and the BEST service.
Slightly above average wines start at $70+ with only one selection listed at $30+.
As many other reviewers noticed, your order is often slow to arrive - this is particularly true in the evening but is not a problem during lunch time.
I couldn't reccommend their Godmother pizza any higher.
The atmosphere isn't the greatest , but I suppose that's how they keep the prices down .
The service is spotty, sometimes really friendly and sometimes barely there.
I CAN EAT HERE EVERY DAY OF THE WEEK REALLY LOL LOVE THIS PLACE ...)
Not the typical NYC gimmick theme restaurant.
I have eaten a lot of pizza here.
and for this i had to shell out a small fortune?
This Thai restaurant is a couple blocks away from Sripraphai (another delicious Thai restaurant).
Great Indian Food!
However, for what we spent, overall, it just was not up to par.
Food is usually very good, though ocasionally I wondered about freshmess of raw vegatables in side orders.
I LOVED THE SHOWS.
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.
The staff was accomodating, the food was absolutely delicious and the place is lovely.
Your friends will thank you for introducing them to this gem!
This isn't your corner Chinese food takeout.
I can't imagine how much worse it would have been if we'd gone at a prime time!
Was there Friday night.
I thought this place was totally overrated.
We arrived on time for our reservation and seated promptly.The
I am bringing my whole family back next time.
I love this place more and more everytime i go.
Shame on this place for the horrible rude staff and non-existent customer service.
I don't like Indian food too much and this was delicious, however you want to factor that into the equation.
You are treated just like royality.
Try the Peanut Butter Sorbet and the pizza with soy cheese!
The flavors robust and subtle.
I only have friends.
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
Just don't do it.
The food here is rather good, but only if you like to wait for it.
Have never had a problem with service save a missing rice once.
I had my eyes on this place, promising myself I will one day 'give it a try.' 
The barebecued salmon is elegantly spiced and not at all dry.
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho.
What really makes it shine is the food, which is aggressively seasoned with Cyrpriot spices, and all made in-house (even the gyro meat and sausages), and made of much higher quality ingredients that might otherwise be expected.
I highly recommend Caviar Russe to anyone who wants delicious top grade caviar and fantastic service.
this place is amazingly bad.
Just go and see for yourself.
We bring in a party of ten or so every week.
The flavors are very fresh and pretty inobtrusive, nothing flashy.
Service was slow, but the people were friendly.
My turkey burger was not cooked at all, my friends salmon was completely raw.
Easily the worst stir-fried squid I've ever tasted.
Food was average and creme brulee was awful - the sugar was charred, not caramelized and smelled of kerosene.
Sandwiches, burgers and salads, like the lemon-dressed cobb, are classic successes.
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
It is also extremely well priced.
Ive been here a bunch of times now and the service is always outstanding.
The owners and employees are friendly and their pizza is fantastic.
THE MOST FUN RESTAURANT I HAVE EVER BEEN TOO!
It melted in my little mouth and the perfect consistency-not too fishy, creamy, and slightly buttery.
Authentic Pakistani food.
My wife I lived on the west side and found this while visiting firends on the UES.
Big Wong gets big Ups for a fine establishment.
When I called this morning, I didn't think I would be able to get in at 12, but I was able to get in, along with four other guests.
It is thick and slightly soggy.
We spent so much time getting elbowed around while we waited we left.
Going to Volare is like going to your favorite aunt's house for dinner, assuming that your aunt is a great Italian cook.
We've found it to be better and fresher than Kiku which is comparable in price.
The staff should be a bit more friendly.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.
People in the neighborhood seem to love it, too.
IT IS WHAT MODERN CUISINE IS ALL ABOUT.
we love th pink pony.
Went to Ottimo and was expecting outstanding pizza (as I love La Pizza Fresca).
This tiny Williamsburg spot is always pleasantly surprising.
The blond wood decor is very soothing, the premium sake is excellent and the service is great.
menu - uneventful, small.
The comments about fried foods is correct (below) but the other dishes, including the lamb entree and many of the salads (avocado shrimp) were quite good.
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
The place just isn't ready for prime time.
Too bad, has a lot of potential.
Nothing fancy but really good food with pretty reasonable price.
It is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.
Wow.
Gigino's in Wagner Park is so enjoyable.
This is my first time writing a review for a restaurant because the food and service was excellent.
Upon entering, we were greeted by the owners, Steven and Frederick, who went out of their way to be more than gracious hosts.
Try the congee and the donut like deep fried dough they call Ow Ley Soh, a delicious and sweet tasting bread.
Aside from the Sea Urchin, the chef recommended an assortment of fish including Fatty Yellow Tail, Boton Shrimp, Blue Fin Torro (Fatty Tuna), Sea Eel, etc.
Went for Mom's birthday brunch/lunch.
The appetizers are ok, but the service is slow.
My roommate and I LOVE this place.
There's nice and quiet, small but enough for 6 (or more).
Creamy appetizers--taramasalata, eggplant salad, and Greek yogurt (with cuccumber, dill, and garlic) taste excellent when on warm pitas.
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey.
We went there, no one greeted us.
The manager then told us we could order from whatever menu we wanted but by that time we were so annoyed with the waiter and the resturant that we let and went some place else.
Sometimes tables don't understand his sense of humor but it's refreshing to have a server who has personality, professionalism, and respects the privacy of your dinner.
The place is small and cramped but the food is fantastic.
This was my frist time at Cafe St. Bart's and I must say how delicous the food and the service was.
As a fan of Thai, I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst.
They have some great entrees here as well.
Super YUMMY Pizza!
Kind, attentive wait staff.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
The food is terrible and overall, I would have to say avoid at all costs.
The sauce is delicious and the crust is perfect.
Not worth the prices.
I came here for my friend's birthday and keep coming back ever since.
Bukhara is on my top 5 Indian places in NYC
We've been following chef Lyle's food around New York for 15 years and while remaining classic, his innovations with bistro fare have made us return and return.
Also a little more expensive than your average bagel place.
Awsome Pizza especially the Margheritta slice.
They are served with a free appetizer and the portions are perfect for lunch.
The food is amazing, rich pastas and fresh doughy pizza.
The food did take a few extra minutes to come, but the cute waiters' jokes and friendliness made up for it.
The bagel was huge.
This is a great Thai restaurant with a very friendly staff.
The service is excellent, the decor is great, and the food is delicious and comes in large portions.
The food is great and they have a good selecion of wines at reasonable prices.
The pizza is yummy and I like the atmoshpere.
I was there for brunch recently, and we were tag teamed by a waitress and a waiter.
They have wheat crusted pizza made with really fresh and yummy ingredients.
Having moved I truly miss this place.
Very nice touch that very much fits the place.
Yes, the prices are high, but I felt it was worth it.
My quesadilla tasted like it had been made by a three-year old with no sense of proportion or flavor.
If you don't mind all that noise then go to the Chart House.
The fried calamari was even better!
Sometimes you pay a lot and don't get much in return - it's manhattan, things are expensive.
They are amazing!
Had a late night dinner on a Saturday night.
Other than the crappy service from two individuals, it's great.
My six year old loved it.
I had a grat time at Jekyll and Hyde!
Expensive
A pleasant surprise.
they really provide a relaxing, laid-back atmosphere.
Highly recommended!
The fries are yummy.
Great service, great food.
The sakes complimented the courses very well and is successfully easing me into the sake world.
It's a rather cramped and busy restaurant and it closes early.
Also, don't plan on asking for your favorite roll, if it's not on the menu, you can't have it.
The baked clams octopus we shared as appetizers were the best we've ever had!! 
It is sometimes a little cramped, and can get a little warm, but hello, it's NYC!
A touch more jalapeno heat for contrast and it would have been very good indeed.
I ordered the vitello alla marsala and I was pretty impressed.
This place has beautiful sushi, and it's delicious CHEAP. 
Delivery service is great too.
bad staff
This was a repeat visit and we'll definitely be back again.
Over the years the host, Vittorio, and his crew, have always treated me as family--although with all the business this not-so-little gem does, it amazing he's even able to remember a consistent but not-so-frequent visitor.
Plus they made a perfect martini.
Don't waste money on decor.
And the prices were way to high for what you get.
My husband and I ate here after reading reviews here as well as hobokeni.com,
To be fair, the food still is good and the service is quick and attentative even though its usually very busy.
Over time, the food quality has decreased substantially, it is a lot less crowded than it used to, and the service must definitely be part of the reason.
The Yellowfin Tuna and Calf's liver are my favorites!
They don't seem to place an emphasis on specials or fresh ingredients which to me is necessary for good thai.
This food is asian-air fusion.
Right off the L in Brooklyn this is a nice cozy place with good pizza.
Found service above average, but that could be because we were 13 of us.
The eggplant parmesan is also great, and my friend who grew up in Manhattan claims that no one serves a better baked ziti with meatsauce.
My friend got the mushroom pizza which tasted better.
I have been going to this restaurant for years, in the past the service was average and the food inconsistant.
if you're looking for authentic hong kong-style food, look no further.
The appetizers are just OK and the main courses were decidedly subpar.
I wish they had one near my office- I would go everyday.
I ate here for the first time and absolutely loved it!
The menu consisted of standard brassiere food, better then places like Balthazar etc.
It is kinda nosiy and the tables are close together but it's still a beautiful place to enjoy a nice dinner.
I sometimes see the waiters don't have enough knowledge of their dishes.
When we notified him that he didn't mention the specials, he didn't apologize but let us know that we made a very good decision regardless.
Ravioli was good...but I have to say that I found everything a bit overpriced.
The wait here is long for dim sum, but if you don't like sharing tables or if the typical raucous dim sum atmosphere is not your gig, this is a sleek (for Chinatown) alternative.
We live in the neighborhood and have been going there twice a week since the day they first opened.
Food was OK - fish was cooked well.
The lobster sandwich is $24 and although it was good it was not nearly enough to warrant that price.
The entree was bland and small, dessert was not inspired.
Don't waste money on decor.
For all you lazy folks that don't want to come to Alphabet City, I say, good - stay out.
Very neighborhoody, very quick and sufficient.
The lobster sandwich is good and the spaghetti with Scallops and Shrimp is great.
like saying her bread comes from a special bakery when we have seen her buying it dowtown manhathan.
However, our main course was wonderful.
The waitress came by to pick up the soy sauce WHILE we were eating our lunch!!!!!
Definitely a once a year treat that I look forward to around the holidays!
the drinks are amazing and half off till 8pm.
They might be all business at the counter when you give your order, but their food says I love you.
In Short The Black Sheep distinguishes itself from the Midtown pub herd with a look that's a mix of sports-bar butch and ornate kitsch.
Everything is very cheap.
for my birthday and we had an excellent time.
When I arrived at Orsay I was thrown back, in a veyr good sense.
She lives nearby but had never gone to this establishment thinking that it might be too touristy.
I know this is the case in many nyc eateries, but here, they really cram you in to the point where it's borderline uncomfortable.
Get it together.
After reading the great reviews, I invited a die-hard downtown friend of mine to join me at TASTE.
The price is reasonable although the service is poor.
the food is delicious and highly recommended.
Similar to other Indian restaurants, they use the dinner special to attract customers at the door.
the real kicker of the menu, however, is the beef cubes or the chicken with chili and lemon grass.
I am bringing my whole family back next time.
The worst though was the taste.
So, if you're walking by and thinking about dining, you might want to see who's going to be seating you first...
Jimmy's is hands down the hottest night spot in the Bronx.
Besides, we were on vacation!
They have an excellent selection (the rolls with crab are really great).
My entree of hot pot with seafood was full of imitation crabmeat with a couple pieces of shrimp and squid, and was unnecessarily heated with a burner.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
We love it, and took buses and cabs to get there.
I've come here for casual lunches as well as for a friend's birthday and I always enjoy myself.
Then, get ripped on free box wine.
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.
LLOOVVE THIS PLACE.
The service was terrible, we had to wait for everything and ask several of different people for the same thing before we were allowed to be served.
One special roll and one regular roll is enough to fill you up, but save room for dessert!
We went to this restaurant based on prior internet comments.
The wait staff is friendly, and the food has gotten better and better!
I reccomend the fried pork dumplings, the orange chicken/beef, and the fried rice.
would NOT go back.
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
happy to be a regular at this place and would warmly recommend it to anyone.
but, the filet mignon was not very good at all cocktail hour includes free appetizers (nice non-sushi selection).
I was really disappointed ant wanted to tell everyone not to go eat or even take out food from there.
They pray to their Food Gods to make them into a good pizza like VT's.
For the price, you cannot eat this well in Manhattan.
Not only is the cuisine the best around, the service has always been attentive and charming.
There are a few Italian employees who may not speak the best English but for me that adds to the experience.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone looking for a casual atmosphere that whisks you away to the left bank of the river Seine.
One of the earlier people commenting on the restaurant did not get the that some experimenting is going on with the menu in a positive way.
The steak was very fatty and the sauce was overpowering and not very tasty.
Threw my fiance's surprise 30th birthday dinner here couldn't be happier.
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
But that is highly forgivable.
You can do it here.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
Appetizers took nearly an hour.
I had a huge group for my birthday and we were well taken care of.
Get the tuna of gari.
I have never before eaten 40 pieces of relatively good nigiri.
I know because I live nearby.
This place is a must visit!
For each course we waited over 1/2 hour to 45 minutes and were never offered a drink.
We had a party in their private room and they made it truly memorable and were very helpful in the planning.
Been there, done that, and New York, it's not that big a deal.
We were worried we would have trouble getting in, but somehow managed to have a short wait.
Great Indian food and the service is incredible.
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
I have eaten at Saul, many times, the food is always consistently, outrageously good.
The waitress, seems to be more concerned of looking good than actually waitressing.
The restaurant is cute but not upscale.
I went there 2times .
We were exploring Grand Central and didn't want to eat in the food court.
A few tips: skip the turnip cake, roast pork buns and egg custards.
What for?
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
Not a small feat for good french food in the area.
Great wine list, reasonably priced.--Sara
If you're into being lost when you're just five feet from your table then hey, that's a good thing.
Admittedly some nights inside the restaurant were rather warm, but the open kitchen is part of the charm.
The manager came to the table and said we can do what we want, so we paid for what we did enjoy, the drinks and appetizers, and walked out.
I'd call it an 'italian dinner'.
In any event, even though its a bit on the pricey side, we still love this restaurant and will definitely go back.
We always get a sampling of appetizers and share.
Great food, good size menu, great service and an unpretensious setting.
We have been to this place many times, and always have great food, wine, and service.
We'll definitly be back again!
The food arrived in about 15 minutes. 
My wife and I visited Dokebi tonight.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
if your into thai..you cannot miss this great restaurant.
The dessert (we had a pear torte) was good - but, once again, the staff was unable to provide appropriate drink suggestions.
There is a real gallery of stars that have visited.
If you are someone who appreciates the same things but hope to have food to spare or share, Kai may not be the best option.
Highly recommend it!
It's best to go on a cold night with a close friend or a good book.
Not only was the waiter efficient and courteous, but also extremely helpful. 
Try the olive cream cheese or the lox spread on a whole wheat everything bagel.
We were offered water for the table but were not told the Voss bottles of water were $8 a piece.
The food is great and the environment is even better.
She just nodded and walked off.
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
The characters really make for an enjoyable experience.
I got enough reasons to keep coming back!!!
Some of the workers ignore me and talk to the female customers, other times, they've skipped my order.
The staff offers impeccable service.
I live in the West Village and I've been to a lot of restaurants.
Satay is one of those favorite haunts on Washington where the service and food is always on the money.
(or sister, in my case!).
It's very spicy but not offensive.
But the pizza is way to expensive.
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
The pizza is overpriced and soggy.
I would not expect this for a $55 dinner.
My boyfriend asked me if I wanted to switch and eat his salmon instead, while he de-skinned the chicken so that I could enjoy the white meat.
Service was slow had to wait to order and get food although not crowded.
The restaurant was packed at first, so we waited at the bar for about 20 minutes before we were seated.
We had a very nice time.
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy's!
Prices are in line.
The Seafood Dynamite is also otherworldly.
The food is uniformly exceptional, with a very capable kitchen which will proudly whip up whatever you feel like eating, whether it's on the menu or not.
I love going there!
Great food, amazing service, this place is a class act.
Friendly and informative staff, very attentive and prompt raw bar service.
enough said!
But who says Murray's is anything about service.
Service was excellent, and the AC worked very well too (thank God, it was hot!).
I will recommend Scopa to all of my friends for a place to go for wonderful Italian food.
I went here in the afternoon with a friend.
In the evening, this place attracted a well dressed, with it, NY crowd.
The sweet lassi was excellent as was the lamb chettinad and the garlic naan but the rasamalai was forgettable.
Best Indian Chinese in the city, by far!
For sure i will keep coming back because i feel really this restaurant deserves.
The mussels were fantastic and so was the dessert...definitely going to be back very soon.
It was rather pathetic that it took them over an hour to seat us.
Food-awesome.
This big draw is the all you can sushi here for $19.95!
For instance, plates were just dumped on the table, I was handed the wine list upside down, etc.... 
ALWAYS full with tourists (especially because of it's close proximity to Rockefeller Center).
(Besides that there should be more restaurants like it around the city).
On a monthly basis my friends and I get together and have a girls night out.
I have been going there since it opened and I can't get enough.
honestly the worst sushi my husband and i had in our entire lives.
Our friends have not arrived yet.
We didn't know if we should order a drink or leave?
It's worthwhile to take a cab to Chelsea just for an awesome dinner at My Chelsea.
Even the pasta is delicious here (a rarity in New York pizza restaurants).
He takes real pride in his food and his business.
So rude.
Meat dishes now adorn the selections, although there's still a large number of vegetarian-friendly choices.
I LOVE their spicy scallop roll, and my boyfriend consistently gets the sesame chicken.
A++   The service was good to excellent along with the attitude.
Same owner as the guy who owns Typhoon, which is just down the street on St. Marks and 1st Ave.
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
Terrific menu full of unique rolls and special dishes.
It's the kind of place I like to support!
Stick to dimsum, not super overpriced noodles.
Anyways, if you're in the neighborhood to eat good food, I wouldn't waste my time trying to find something, rather go across the street to Tamari.
MMmmm... it was delicious.
From the terrible service, to the bland food, not to mention the unaccommodating managers, the overall experience was horrible.
and there's no way out.
David, Daytona Beach, FL
The ambience is very calm and quiet.
This tiny restaurant is as cozy as it gets, with that certain Parisian flair.
Too many other good places to have to settle.
Got a date? Go here!
It was huge, delicious, fresh, and will be the reason we return.
The food was almost always EXCELLENT.
black white shakes came out good also.
We weren't even at our table for more than an hour total.
Service is not what one would expect from a joint in this price category.
Everything about this restaurant was special.
What a great place.
then we ordered a dinosaur rolls and white tuna sashimi.
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.
The restaraurant is very small so reservations are a must.
BTW, the service is very good .
I recommend this place to everyone.
I went to Kitchenette this weekend for brunch.
The food was spicy and delicious.
Don't judge this place prima facie, you have to try it to believe it, a home away from home for the literate heart.
Really tasty spring rolls and noodles for a good price though.
I ordered from here last week.
The food is great, I love their dumplings, cold sesame noodles, chicken and shrimp dishs.
No, really.
I got the opportunity to dine at your establishment again a few weeks ago, I was in your upstrairs dining area.
Went to Village last night for my birthday.
My husband and I both ordered the Steak, medium.
expectations were real hi reading the '10's'.
My boyfriend had the New England Chowder it was good but I think the award should go to the Lobster Bisque.
I recommend the garlic shrimp, okra (bindi), and anything with lamb.
I've never felt more unwelcome than last month at Jimmy's Bronx Cafe.
The only other steakhouse that seems to hold a candle to Roth's is the Strip House.
It's always quiet because it's awful.
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
Definately check it out!!!
Calling the place Hampton Chutney Co. does warn you that these folks offer more style than substance, but in this unattractive room with unhelpful clerks there was a dearth of the former too.
However, most of them are at least prompt and pleasant.
Pair you food with the excellent beers on tap or their well priced wine list.
They outshine HH.
(and I have eaten my share) Which impresses me for having such a large amount of people to serve.
The environment is romantic, but the food is horrible, the service is pathetic, and gabriella lies about everything she could.
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
Very excited to hear that short-term Chef Jason Narone has moved on, he truly was a low point of their Sterling track record.
I didn't expect to like Nosh as much as I did, but the pastrami on challah sandwich I had was otherworldly, the soups are like Mom's, and the knishes give Yonah Schimmel's a run for its money.
Generously garnished, organic grilled burgers are the most popular dish, but the Jerusalem market-style falafel wraps and Mediterranean salads--layered with beets, goat cheese and walnuts--are equally scrumptious.
And everytime I go there's a bunch of drunk idiots making a scene out front.
I have NEVER been disappointed in the Red Eye.
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.
The cold appetizer dishes taste like the way I remember them to taste when I was growing up in Taiwan.
i went to utsav about a yr ago with my family.
I was so sad to read the bad reviews this place got!
Despite the 5th ave address there are no frills whick I also love.
They make the best pizza in New Jersey.
I love and I know gourmet food by excellence!
I am not a vegetarian but, almost all the dishes were great.
This diamond in the ruff is definitely worth my 10-minute walk from the 6 train.
We were not dissappointed in the least bit by this little gem.
We were very disappointed.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
Good for dates or with friends.
All the pastas are fantastic and the homemade lasagna is some of the best that I have had in the City.
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
The food is all shared so we get to order together and eat together.
All in all, I don't see how you can go wrong.
The highly spiced chai tea was great too.
It's about $7 for lunch and they have take-out or dine-in.
Go there to relax and feel like your somewhere else.
Service was very friendly.
this is can became on e of the NY Italian Food fare institutions.
They are tasty, but I suggest only eating one with meat because they tend not to mesh that well with the average American digestive system.
It's just average, just shredded, no seasoning on it.
Horrible food and Horrible service.
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.
Will comeback for sure, wish they have it here in LA..
The meat is fresh, the sauces are great, you get kimchi and a salad free with your meal and service is good too.
The menu choices are similar but the taste lacked more flavor than it looked.
Good luck getting a table.
fresh restaurant was amazing........ food was delicious and of course fresh.
There are other Vietnamese restaurants in the chinatown area and you can forget about those.
The service was mediocre, and the lack of air conditioning made for a less than comfortable meal.
Great roofdeck, nice group of 30 somethings, but no music, kind of quiet.
Although they do the typical what kind of water would you like questions the service was good and overall very relaxing to place to eat.
Actually, everyone who worked there seemed to be annoyed.
Creative, consistent, fresh.
My boyfriend and I went there to celebrate my birthday the other night and all I can say is that it was magnificent.
First, the waiter who served us neglected to fill us in on the specials, which I would have chosen had I known about them.
Wonderful at holiday time.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
They need a kick out of it but until then the sushi is pretty good and the place is consistent.
Whether your choose the iced blended mocha or the hot white mocha you are sure to be extremely happy.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
Great bar, most gorgeous bartenders you've ever seen (specifically the blond lady).
I can't wait for summer, when they serve outside on their gigantic patio.
The food is great (big selection, reasonable prices) and the drinks are really good.
Ambience is so cute and quaint, good for business although we were there on vacation.
Great romantic place for a date (try to get the corner booth table for a little privacy and to sit close!).
If you like spicy food get the chicken vindaloo.
When we walked in it seemed like it was there for 200 years.
They kindly brought us more to see if it was better, but it was not!
Also, because it is so thin, it gets cold very quickly and its not that filling.
The food we ordered was excellent, although I wouldn't say the margaritas were anything to write home about.
The restaurant is rather small but we were lucky to get a table quickly.
Menus feature seasonal picks, like sweet corn-foie gras brulee.
All I can say is WOW!
It was pretty inexpensive too.
Yet paired with such rude service, would never recommend for anyone interested in carrying any kind of conversation while there.
Food was average but tasty.
You can't go wrong with this place.
Dessert is a joke...dont bother
Alias is warm and cozy and you don't get that squished-in feeling you get at 71 Clinton.
The noodle and rices dishes taste great.
The atmosphere was pretty nice but had a bit lacking, which it tries to make up for with a crazy scheme of mirrors.
The food was just awful, ATROCIOUS actually.
I would highly recommend this place to everyone for any occasion!
The steak was excellent and one of the best I have had (I tasted the butter intitally but in no way did it overwhelm the flavor of the meat).
I went there with a few friends and will return.
Food was OK.
Service could be improved but overall this is a place that understands the importance of little things (the heavy, black, antique-seeming teapot, for one) in the restaurant experience.
After I paid for my purchase, I noticed they had not given me utensils so I could eat my pie.
The atmosphere is nothing special, but it feels like a Sushi establishment in Tokyo.
The production is a symphony, alot of fun to experience.The food sublime for the most part.
They are by far the BEST past in New York.
less wait time for me!
Try ordering from the regular menu, then you would not regret!
My friends and I showed up on a Sat.
Disappointing food, lousy service.
They did not have mayonnaise, forgot our toast, left out ingredients (ie cheese in an omelet), below hot temperatures and the bacon was so over cooked it crumbled on the plate when you touched it.
great for a romantic evening, or a fun evening with friends...
After the main course came, we didn't see our waiter for at least 40 MINUTES!
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
It is a lot of fun with live entertainment and all kinds of Disney type special effects.
The food was good too.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
I recieved prompt service with a smile.
Bill a little high, but worth it.
The Italian food has flavor (that can be sort of surprising on the UES), and the service turns from a nightmare to attentive,they sort of remind me of the NY Yankees of the late 90's, no matter how bad it look, you knew that there was a rally just around the corner...
While I quite liked the food and the ambience, I'm not quite sure if it they really deserve it the Michelin rating they have displayed so prooudly in the window.
Our teenage kids love it, too.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
Have always found that the waiters will go out of their way to be helpful, despite the fact they are often busy with lots of diners.
Very affordable and excellent ambient!
The food is good.
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night.
They showed up 15 minutes after the tuna melt.
I would definitely recommend SEA if you like thai cuisine!
Good French restaurant in an area devoid of decent restaurants unless you're into eating 4 pound pastrami sandwiches at Katz' Deli, or Mexican food which is supplied by capable restaurants.
I'll keep this short.
I've been there three times and have always had wonderful experiences.
Their calzones are horrific, bad, vomit-inducing, YUCK.
Just an odd group.
Chef Waldy's always measures up.
This place is always packed.
We got in line and were served while in line a bannan fritter.
Quality ingredients preparation all around, and a very fair price for NYC.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.
Delivery can be spot on or lacking depending on the weather and the day of the week.
Montparnasse's desserts--especially the silken creme brulee and paper-thin apple tart--are good enough on their own to make the restaurant worth the trip.
Service is usually pretty good.
These innovators of french indian fusion do a great job of making dishes as interesting as possible while still being accessible.
Whether it's the parmesean porcini souffle or the lamb glazed with balsamic vinegar, you will surely be transported to Northern Italy with one bite.
My friend from Milan and myself were pleasantly surprised when we arrived and everyone spoke italian.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
A restaurant that doesn't try to do anything except serve great food with great service in a pleasant atmosphere.
I am not the most experienced person when it comes to Thai food, but my friend who took me there is.
The atmosphere is relaxed and casual.
Its dark, and cozy.. there is always jazz music playing when we go.
Two complaints- their appetizer selection stinks, it would be nice to get some mozzarella sticks on the menu.
We only ordered desserts and drinks, but no refills were offered.
I have lived in Japan for 7 years and the taste of the food and the feel of the restaurant is like being back in Japan.
The last two times I ordered from here my food was soo spicy that  I could barely eat it, and the spice took away from the flavor of the dish.
While this isn't classical restaurant fare, the chef has given new life to an old cuisine with some really innovative and tasty dishes that are genuinely Indian without being heavy or same old restaurant burn-outs.
The staff members are extremely friendly and even replaced my drink once when I dropped it outside.
Fresh, mind blowing flavors.
We'd walked by it dozens of times and finally settled on a Monday night.
From the spectacular caviar to the hospitable waitstaff, I felt like royalty and enjoyed every second of it.
It cannot be the ambience, because the place is very cramped and some guests have to sit in an aisle.
A beef Consomme.
For years, I thought Tuscan cuisine was the best, but Salvatore converted me to the hearty Neapolitan fare on my first visit.
Had a lovely dinner in this dedicated seafood joint, food was well-prepared and -presented and the service was pleasant and prompt.
Especially liked chicken tikka and the naan, and the dals.
I was pleasantly suprised.
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
We will be back.
The food was great and the service was even better.
The food was average to above-average; the French Onion soup filling yet not overly impressive, and the desserts not brilliant in any way.
We'd go back again
The only concern i have is with the slighly all-business waitstaff who order and throw the food down, rushing you out.
It's a little out of our price range for dining there except on special occasions, but we've eaten there 6 times in the last 2 years. 
The outdoor atmosphere of sitting on the sidewalk watching the world go by 50 feet away on 6th avenue on a cool evening was wonderful.
The menu looked good, except for offering the Chilean Sea Bass, but the server does not offer up the specials that were written on the board outside.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
The service is good and ambience is good for a date or group outing.
They have a delicious banana chocolate dessert, as well as a great green tea tempura.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
I come from a family of pizzeria owners, and I'm almost ashamed to say that the pizza in Fornino's blows my families receipies away.
We were less than impressed.
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.
Excellent sashimi, and the millennium roll is beyond delicious.
A one women show!
Such nice people working here - but I have to review the food.
The food is decent at best, and the ambience, well, it's a matter of opinion, some may consider it to be a sweet thing, I thought it was just annoying.
We've lived in the area for more than 8 years.
Lived in Shanghai most of my life and thought the food was comparable to the flagship Green Bo restaurant there.
The waitress appeared and asked us if we wanted to go ahead and order. 
I've been coming here as a child and always come back for the taste.
We had great desserts (including the best cannoli I've ever had) and then they offered an after dinner drink, on the house.
Pizza here is consistently good.
I'm partial to the Gnocchi.
Both were very good, but nothing you couldn't get at similar restaurant.
When my husband and go there, we spend $60.00 (have LOBSTER TAILS UMMMMM need I say more) I can't say any more, it a place you'll never forget If you never go, you'll miss A Meal of your life time
This place is always very crowded and popular.
I LOVE their Thai noodles with shrimp and chicken and coconut juice is the MUST!
I have to say that I am pleasantly suprised and I will most likely stop in again if I am in the neighborhood.
I went here with my boyfriend and another couple.
It's better than being on the roof of Sutton Place with 19 year old interns jabbing you in the ribs all night.
The waiter was attentive.
Haru serves very fresh fish, has a trendy, modern ambiance, prime location on Park Avenue South and friendly service.
It looked like shredded cheese partly done - still in strips.
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously, but it shouldn't.
If you are someone who appreciates simplicity, elegance, and wonderfully presented and tasting seafood and vegetables regardless of portion size, Kai is your place.
The staff is accomodating, the ambiance is exciting and yet relaxed, and the food is out of this world!
i love their chicken pasta cant remember the name but is sooo good
The servers give you some sample slices of your order while you wait (shortly I might add).
Moderate prices.
The decor is very simple but comfortable.
The duck confit is always amazing and the foie gras terrine with figs was out of this world.
Try the green curry!!!
The ambience is very romantic and definitely a good place to bring a date.
The staff is excellent, specjal: that girl behind the bar, european chic.
Tiny dessert was $8.00...just plain overpriced for what it is.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
The portions are small but being that the food was so good makes up for that.
The food is great and reasonably priced.
Get your food to go, find a bench, and kick back with a plate of dumplings.
Steamed fresh so brought hot hot hot to your table.
The only thing more wonderful than the food (which is exceptional) is the service.
Then, to top things off, she dropped used silverware on my boyfriend's jacket and did not stop to apologize or clean the mess that was left on clothes. 
On the way out, we heard of other guests complaining about similar issues.
I will be back!
Could have had better for 1/3 the price in Chinatown.
always fresh and delicious.
This place has been around for a few years.
Appetizers are somewhere around $7 each and the main dishes are between $11 and $16.
The place was quiet and delightful.
This place, which is only a few months old, is perhaps Queens' biggest secret!
Once we sailed, the top-notch food and live entertainment sold us on a unforgettable evening.
It's a nice place to relax and have conversation.
Small, bright, and clean, BZ Grill stands apart from the usual run of gyro joints, both in Astoria and out.
Wow over 100 beers to choose from.
It is not a place for tourists or someone who has never dined in Bay Ridge.
Try everything for that matter, it is all good.
Worth the trip from Manhattan.
Food is always fresh and hot- ready to eat!
And evaluated on those terms Pastis is simply wonderful.
I have eaten at many pizza places around NYC and this is hands down the worst.
The food was very good, a great deal, and the place its self was great.
Suan is a great place that I often take my friends (classmates) too.
The dim sum is ok but doesn't taste that fresh, and the little dishes don't look steamy hot as they should (also note lack of Chinese here).
Place is open till late, no dress code.
The food and service were fine, however the maitre-D was incredibly unwelcoming and arrogant.
You are paying for the atmosphere, which is nice, but can be had in numerous places in Bay Ridge.
Plus, when our entrees were held up in the kitchen on a busy Saturday night, the owner sent over complimentary summer rolls to hold us over!
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
We had a great time at the Jekyll and hyde Pub last night.
So close, but not good enough.
Which lets face it....at times it's a good thing.
Please be aware that it's CASH or AMEX only!
Decor needs to be upgraded but the food is amazing!
I don't remember what we had; nothing was memorable.
Decent wine selection too.
The dinner was ok, nothing I would have again.
The one up front will smile and say What can I get for you, brother?
Pastrami or corned beef are juicy and piled high (ask for extra rye bread).
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
You are not eating haut cuisine with subtle hints of whatever but: Cassuolet, Steake Fritte, Tripe Stew, etc; simple stuff.
have always had a great time here.
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
Since I cook for a living, I'm very fussy about the food I eat in restaurants.
Cant believe how an expensive NYC restaurant can be so disrespectful to its clients.
From the street it looks very hidden, and is actually an old warehouse.
Don't be put off by another reviewers extremely negative review.
Scalina Fedeli reminded me why service is so integral to fine dining.
You order from a menu, so you leave feeling like you missed the full experience.
The environment is very upscale and you will see a lot of rich guys with trophy wives or just highly paid escorts.
My girlfiends and I ate at O.G. again last night.
This establishment is the real deal. 
My family ate here last weekend.
The only thing the waiters don't do for you is wipe your chin when you leave.
The shrimp scampi was excellent and the antipasti were plentiful.
I can't believe that it was, but please put the bag down before delivering food!
Growing up in NY, I have eaten my share of bagels.
Too bad the food wasn't of the same heritage.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
My friends and I were on vacation in NY and was referred to Chance by a friend.
I go and eat out at many different restaurants and this is one place you have go and try.
The waitresses are nice--also you can just get counter service sit.
The staff is very good.
Had 1 appetizer, 2 entrees and 2 cokes and the bill was ~$55.00, not including tip.
I have been to Mary's many times and I like it.
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
Never in my life did I think that I could be satisfied both in taste and in quantity for $3.00 in NYC.
They also have a great assortment of wraps if your not in the mood for traditional Mediterranean fare.
It was divine melts in your mouth.
And its absolutely DELICIOUS.
We were also seated promptly at the time of our reservation and the service was very quick and professional.
The food is good, but very expensive for the casualness of it.
They have great rolls, the triple color and norwegetan rolls, are awesome and filling.
Consequently, their burgers fell apart in their hands and made such a mess that they did'nt feel like finishing them.
The vibe is very relaxed and cozy, service was great and the food was excellent!
its a little out of the way if you don't live in the neighborhood, but definitely worth the trip from wherever you are.
Judging from previous posts this used to be a good place, but not any longer.
Somewhat pricey but what the heck.
My six year old loved it.
What a great place!
The portion sizes here are huge, and the sushi is good.
Once you become a regular, you are treated as one.
In fact, you can't miss it.
The atmosphere takes you to that place, the place many dream of.
It's a small cute restaurant.
The service is a bit slow, but harkens back to my years growing up in Napoli, Italy where things are not rushed and when you sit down for dinner the table is yours all night.
Go there on an empty stomach and leave feeling like a baby Veal Calf(ok bad joke), but you will see.
Best Reuben sandwich ever!
Patroon features a nice cigar bar and has great staff.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
As a Japanese native, I've lived in the Tristate area for over 8 years, but I was just so amazed at this place.
The sashimi is always fresh and the rolls are innovative and delicious.
I had Lobster Bisque it has 2 oz. of Maine Lobster in it.
To be completely fair, the only redeeming factor was the food, which was above average, but couldn't make up for all the other deficiencies of Teodora.
The service was attentive, yet unimposing, the food was far better than many notorious restaurants in Midtown and the wine list is extensive and well priced.
The place itself is beautiful the bar scene seems to be happening.
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town.
This place has the strangest menu and the restaurants tries too hard to make fancy food.
I live in the neightborhood and am a regular.
Would NEVER go back there.
Come on.
Decor is minimalist and clean - nothing to distract or commend.
it's a perfect place to have a amanzing indian food.
The burger was great, also.
Fabulous decor - makes you feel like you're in a trendy Manhattan restaurant, very very good food, cheaply-priced, generally friendly staff, and if you're a Manhattanite, or spend most of your time in Manhattan, Rice Avenue will make you feel at home.....very Soho/Village/Upper West Side minus the expensive prices and pretentious clientele.....all on Roosevelt Avenue!
Best. Sushi. Ever.
People dress in suits or evening gowns as well as shirts jeans.
Veal Parmigana - Better than Patsy's!
This place was reccomended to me by a friend.
You must have the crabmeat lasagna which is out of this world and the chocolate bread pudding for dessert.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
And I say snacking because it really is not set up to be a proper dinner.
Just go to Yamato and order the Red Dragon Roll.
In the end you end up with a fair tab and NOTHING BUT A GREAT TIME!!!
The zucchini and mashed potatoes are a blend of garlic and butter which simply melts in your mouth.
the food was mediocre to be kind - the interior is small and average - the owners are a tag-team of unpleasantries - so rude and snotty i actually let out a hearty guffaw whilst dining.
Great bagels, spreads and a good place to hang out in.
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
Go here if you want fresh and tasty salads of any type you can imagine.
Great food but the service was dreadful!
The food is wonderful, tasty and filling, and the service is professional and friendly.
There is also very limited seating and there can be a substantial wait in getting food at peak times.
My husband and I had a blast.
This place has the best pizza.
Always great service!
What can you say about a place where the waitress brings out the wrong entree, then verbally assaults your 80 year old grandmother and gives her lip about sending it back (which she did politely, by the way).
Unbelievable.
If you're looking for a place to sit down, have a drink and conversations with friends, go to sweet-n-tart and order yourself a hong-kong styled milk and tea with tapioca pearls (hot).
Although be warned their dinner menu to sit and take out prices are different.
This place is a great stop for great food.
keep up the good work.
I love it.
It was wonderful.
This is the Jackel and Hideof the restaurants on the UES.
THe perfect spot.
Tuk Tuk is one of those comfortable neighborhood joints where you know you will always have a good meal at a fair price.
I would never wait for a table to eat, it just is not THAT great.
Their sushi, Kamikaze and other Rolls are fresh and well presented.
I won't go back unless someone else is footing the bill.
A large is $20, and toppings are about $3 each.
I've been to this restaurant more than a dozen times and when I'm craving for Pho, Lemon grass chicken or Beef Cube on rice, this is the place to go.
Order the panang duck, it's fantastic.
Only drawback - they won't toast your bagel, and they don't make eggs for the bagel.
While the prices are nothing special, the portions are huge.
I will be going back and heartily recommend it!
Even after a few bad evenings at Bardolino, I keep coming back.
I don't know about you guys, but when I go somewhere to eat I go for the food not for the atmosphere.
Go, go, hurry, before everyone finds out about it.
Our waiter was helpful and charming, the food was perfect, and the wine was good, too.
I don't get it, what's so special about Prune ?
their brunch menu had something for everyone.
Plenty of choices to make your own creation.
Just make sure my ice water is kept full and my tea kettle filled with piping hot tea and that's all the service I need...
How can hope to stay in business with service like this?
Grilled whole fish wonderful, great spicing.
Priced at upper intermediate range.
On that scale, it's a world-beater.
I would not have been so disappointed with the portions if the qualities were good enough to make up for it, but they were not!
Favorite Sushi in NYC
The food was absolutely amazing!!
The atmosphere is noisy and the waiters are literally walking around doing things as fast as they can.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
Downstairs lounge is always a good attraction
Whem asked, we had to ask more detailed questions so that we knew what the specials were.
You're going to drop some coin, but completely worth it, especially if you are looking to impress someone.
even the wine by the glass was good.
The food was good overall. 
The dim sum however was very good.
The only possible drawback to this last point is that as of the date of this posting, the additional menu items are only written in Chinese.
Right off the major deegan you get ladies from all over the city.
By the time we were done, it was past 1:00am.
Its an excellent place to relax and the food is one of the best in the city of New York.
The entire dining experience was wonderful!
Drinks way over priced.
The food, served in small tasting portions (as an option) is very good with each dish being better than the next.
The food inludes famous scrumptious bombay style chaat such as bhelpuri, sevpuri and samosa chaats, as well as other great indian appetizers.
If you're craving for Haru's great food, especially the House Roll, but can't stand the wait building outisde, head across the street to their Sake Bar!
I'll keep this short.
bottles of wine are cheap and good.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
The fish was adequate, but inexpertly sliced.
The corned beef and pastrami are excellent, much less fatty than those big tourist places around Times Square.
LOVE the atmosphere - felt like I was in Paris.
When you're sitting in their main dining room (which has a spectacular, hand-painted high ceiling) you'd never know there was a world outside.
And the food, well the food will keep you coming back.
Would not recommend anyone to go.
The food was so-so.
But regulars know that the sandwiches are the real star here.
Food was very good, but not what I would consider out of this world.
Restaurant snobs need not bother, this is a small, neighborhood kind of place.
Nothing special about this place.
Innovations are just as assured, from the simple Carinthia cheese ravioli with wild mushrooms to the caviar-topped sturgeon, beautifully matched with a bright green spinach-vodka sauce.
The mussaman curry that I ordered was as thin as water and aside from the poorly fried tofu that I ordered in it, they graciously provided me with ONE piece of poorly cooked potato.
I got an excellent piece of cheesecake and we had several other nice pastries.
Try the Times Square cocktail -- ginger lemonade with vodka (also available without vodka.)
Although, one night we went it was super cheesy, and another night it was less cheesy.
Warm and friendly in the winter and terrific outdoor seating in the warmer months.
$20 for all you can eat sushi cannot be beaten.
All pretty good.
Price no more than a Jersey deli but way better.
The svc can be a bit rude at times, esp if you have big group, but overall the restaurant is a must!
The pastas are incredible, the risottos (particularly the sepia) are fantastic and the braised rabbit is amazing.
Not sure where the previous reviewer, lonk, dined, but Saul is in a great neighborhood and has great food!
Very different than regular dimsum places.
it's delicious!
The happy hour is so cheap, but that does not reflect the service or the atmosphere.
Try the lasagnette appetizer.
This is one great place to eat pizza more out but not a good place for take-out pizza.
Recommendations, of course, are required!
Everything, from the soft bread, soggy salad, and 50 minute wait time, with an incredibly rude service to deliver below average food.
The BEST Chinese food Uptown!
We ran a little late for the reservation but it wasn't a problem to get our table immediately.
If your favorite Chinese food is General Tao chicken, then this is NOT your place.
We actually gave 10% tip (which we have never done despite mediocre food and service), because we felt totally ripped off.
Spice is sleek, modern and cool with a menu that will not hurt your wallet.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
Be sure to try the seasonal, and always delicious, specials.
The food was just OK, I would never go back.
My husband said the portions were very small, but if my main course was good to eat the portion would've been fine for me.
I like Cafe Noir dont get me wrong, it is jsut that the people who work there are evil and incompetent!!
I would only go for the coffee which is way better than Starbucks or the like.
Huge portions, great and attentive service, and pretty good prices.
This is the kind of place you'd like to take all your friends to and still keep a secret.
I have had so many dinners here and it's always been perfect - on a date with my husband, with my mom, with girlfriends and larger groups.
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
Everything that happened was not even up to mediocre.
We have lived in Chelsea for two years and have never noticed this restaurant.
Authentic Taiwanese food that's cheap... what more could you ask for?
I asked for seltzer with lime, no ice.
The place has a nice fit-out, some attractive furnishings and, from what I could tell, a reasonable wine list (I was given the food menu when I asked for the carte des vins)
Even after getting pushed out by the no-class Famous Ray's, Sal has risen again to carry on his father's uncle's legacies with a smile, true love for his community, and let's not forget the Outstanding Pizza!
Friendly staff that actually lets you enjoy your meal and the company you're with.
NO PIZZA 33 for me!
Other guests enjoyed pizza, santa fe chopped salad and fish and chips.
Great idea and base for restaurant, but work on the details, people who think this was good need to go back to the shore towns and rethink what it should have tasted like.
But they don't have a toaster, which is strange.
Everything we had was good or ok....but definitely nothing great.
This is a fun restaurant to go to.
Anyone who ever dined at a thai restaurant is in for a huge disappointment.
but the service was a bit slow.
i would recommend reservations on weekends though.
This is the perfect spot for meeting friends, having lunch, dinner, pre-theatre or after-theatre drinks!
Stay far away from this place.
The rice was poor quality and was cooked so badly it was hard.
The food was not fresh, the sauces were bland and very oily.
Delicate spices, onions, eggs and a kick-ass roti.
The location is perfect.
When we threatened to leave, we were offered a meager discount even though half the order was missing.
The chicken lollipop is my favorite, most of the dishes (I have to agree with a previous reviewer) are quite oily and very spicy, espeically the Chilli Chicken.
I have been to Rao's probably 15 times the past 3 years and it keeps getting better.
Skip this location and go to the one in Soho.
im not necessarily fanatical about this place, but it was a fun time for low pirces.
Went here last night - nice decor, good service, but the food was surprisingly excellent.
this without question is one of the worst hotdogs i have ever had.
I don't know who they think they are but they have no respect for the residents of the neighborhood ever since they opened their cabaret next door and blasts loud music till three in the morning every weekend during the summer.
too large for just two people but nothing was left.
Overall, decent food at a good price, with friendly people.
The design and atmosphere is just as good.
Just don't take the seat between the bar and the back half of the restaurant, i saw a woman get nudged 40times sitting there.
I could have drank 4 glasses of water and still been parched - so watch out.
The food can get pricey but the prixe fixe tasting menu is the greatest food for a good price and they cater the food to any food allergies or food you don't like.
those rolls were big, but not good and sashimi wasn't fresh.
Stepped on my foot on the SECOND time he reached over me to adjust lighting.
Quality of food is excellent and price is cheap, stick to pork, fish, chicken, lamb and vegetables.
They treat me like family, morning and night.
however, it's the service that leaves a bad taste in my mouth.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
Will prob. not return but it is a great dinning experience to try atleast once.
The drinks are great, especially when made by Raymond.
really depends on your luck!
Shockingly easy to throw a group dinner here: simple contract, deposit only to hold the date the entire 2nd fl mezz for our grp of 20.
I have known about this secret for the last 13 years, Emilio(the Godfather) has continued to serve food and wine for the gods at mortal prices.
And they have these home made potato chips at the bar that are the most delicious things in the world!
Very romantic fires - I've literally spent hours at Lanterna, drinking wine from their extensive wine and enjoying the ambience.
Me and my girls will definitely go back.
Would you ever believe that when you complain about over an hour wait, when they tell you it will be 20-30 minutes, the manager tells the bartender to spill the drinks you just paid for?
But, hey, there is anything better with a decent vegetarian selection in Astoria.
The staff offers impeccable service.
Went on a double date with friend and his girlfriend for a few drinks and appetizers.
I will be returning.
Fish was overdone.
I will go back to Suan soon!
The food was good.
We also had shared a house salad that was fresh.
My husband and I thougt it would be great to go to the Jekyll and Hyde Pub for our anniversary, and to our surprise it was fantastic.
Went on a 3 day oyster binge, with Fish bringing up the closing, and I am so glad this was the place it O trip ended, because it was so great!
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
Best Indian food I have ever eaten.
We got most of it back at home with us.
This is definitely a place that provides the best experience, though, to both A-listers and people walking in off the street.
Our waiter was fine, the place looks nice in that not-trying-too-hard way, but at those prices, a little more should be expected of your food.
Not one to jump to complaints (hence my lack of previous online reviewing), I called the restaurant to give them a heads up that their kitchen might want to check the cleanliness of their prep stations.
I think the pizza is so overrated and was under cooked.
The unfortunate lady next to us thought she had ordered a salad (including asking for salad dressing) and was instead given a quesedilla.
good food good wine that's it.
Food was okay, nothing great.
The crust is thin, the ingredients are fresh and the staff is friendly.
Stuffing yourself with Japanese food is a rare thing.
After dinner I heard music playing and discovered that there is a lounge downstairs.
Good luck getting a table.
An excellent choice in midtown.
Stepping into Casa La Femme last night was a true experience unlike any other in New York!
Problem is nothing at Prune is particularly memorable.
The takeout menu says to keep an eye out for an expanded menu offering more italian dishes, I can't wait!
When he finally did, he was unable to make a gin and tonic -- couldn't find tonic.
The entire place and the treatment we received felt as a conveyor belt.
Most of the servers are very attentive, friendly and quite attractive.
We were 10 people celebrtating a birthday, we sat in the tent.
I felt as though I were eating in Paris.
Service was warm and attentive, beef carpaachio was exellent (huge portion) and pasta was fresh and well-prepared.
For starters they delivered us someone else's order.
The food is delicious.
We could only get through an appetizer and cheese fondue.
this is still one of my most favorite restaurants in the area the food is inexpensive but very good (kimono shrimp special was excellent) and has a great atmosphere.
When I called this morning, I didn't think I would be able to get in at 12, but I was able to get in, along with four other guests.
WE ENDED UP IN LITTLE ITALY IN LATE AFTERNOON.
And comparing it to the Chinatown restaurants is simply not fair.
Unbelievable.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
I have been here a few times for dinner, once for brunch and twice for lunch.
And even with it's Pub atmosphere they were great to my kids too!
La Rosa waltzes in, and I think they are doing it the best.
Thick fries, meaty chili and stuffed baked potatoes round out a menu that includes a cool, ultra-thick chocolate Frosty.
Stick to the gulab jamun.
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
From the complimentary chef app of a delicate butternut squash ravioli in a delicious truffle sauce to an amazing buttery and tender langostine entree to a dessert that I can't remember because of the fabulous Cakebread Cabernet we were drinking -- the whole evening was amazing.
The seats are uncomfortable if you are sitting against the wall on wooden benches.
The photos of the restaurant in its web site are way better than the real look.
I have been a longtime fan of Holy Basil in the East Village, and while I do believe their food has slightly slipped in quality, I have been hesitant to be disloyal.
I have never left a restaurant feeling as if i was abused, and wasted my hard earned money.
While the ambiance and atmosphere were great, the food and service could have been a lot better.
As a retired hipster, I can say with some degree of certainty that for the last year Lucky Strike has been the best laid-back late night in the city.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
A guaranteeed delight!
Food is great and inexpensive.
I was pretty much full after our fondue appetizer.
My first encounter happened one friday evening with a friend.
Didn't seem like any effort was made to the display and quality of the food.
if you're looking for perfect traditional sushi, go here - if you're looking for interesting combinations, try sushi of gari's (east side).
Planet Thailand has always been a hit with me , I go there usually for the sushi, which is great , the thai food is excellent too .
The food was actually aweful.
I have never eaten in the restaurant, however, upon reading the reviews I got take out last week.
One thing I liked about this place is that I never felt rushed or pressured to give up my table ot incoming guests.
Probably would not go again...
If you don't mind pre-sliced low quality fish, unfriendly staff and a sushi chef that looks like he is miserable then this is your place.
I will never visit this restaurant again.
This is a great place to take out-of-towners, and perfect for watching the sunset.
Watch the talented belly dancers as you enjoy delicious baba ganoush that's more lemony than smoky.
Everything is always cooked to perfection, the service is excellent, the decor cool and understated.
They didn't give us the dinner special until we asked for it.
This was the perfect quiet, relaxing, and delicious accompaniment to our afternoon of theater.
To finish off such a delightful dinner experience you must have dessert, especially the White Chocolate Bread Pudding with Gelato and hot chocolate.
Have frequented 'ino for several years and the food remains excellent.
As for the bar, this is another bad idea.
The Yellowtail was particularly good as well.
I will not be coming here at 3am again.
We didn't get drink refills and she didn't even offer us the option of dessert.
I love Ess-a-bagel, but I live on the west side, so I often go to Murray's for convenience.
I discovered Applebees when I went away to college in VA.
Another great thing about Glechik-everything is very cheap!
Just because it's cheap does NOT mean the portions are small or the food is nasty, IT IS GREAT!
The service was excellent and the food was delicious.
peppers, onions, relish, chilli, cheeses, you NAME it.
They have authentic Indian at amazin prices.
The waitress remembers me and is very friendly, she knows what my regular is and that's the fried mini buns with the condensed milk and the assorted fruits on beancurd.
A cheap eat for NYC, but not for dosa.
When asked about how a certain dish was prepared in comparison to a similar at other thai restaurants, he replied this is not Mcdonald's, every place makes things differently 
I came into the city to try out this restaurant because a friend had recommended it to my husband.
To sum it up: Service varies from good to mediorce, depending on which waiter you get; generally it is just average Ok. 
Anyway, this is the last time I cross the williamsburg.
As soon as my father lifted his pen from the check a chef appeared to usher us out.
Great spot, whether looking for a couple of drinks or quiet dinner.
I understand the area and folks you need not come here for the romantic, alluring ambiance or the five star service featuring a sommlier and a complicated maze of captain and back waiters - you come for the authentic foods, the tastes, the experiance.
Tuk Tuk is one of the rare choices for me to go in Brooklyn.
I loved this place!!
We could have made a meal of the yummy dumplings from the dumpling menu.
All the staff is absolutely professional!! 
The crowd was older and the restaurant is very cramped, but it has old school charm.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
In mi burrito, here was nothing but dark chicken that had that cooked last week and just warmed up in a microwave taste.
I've eaten at many different Indian restaurants.
The pizza was delivered cold and the cheese wasn't even fully melted!
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash.
I was one of the people that went for this horrible experience.
As a fan of Thai, I have tried quite a few different restaurants in NYC and this one was definitely the worst.
My sister says it reminds her of a restaurant run by high-school students who don't know what they are doing.
After being told that our party of three would be seated in 10 minutes and watching other parties (multiples of 2 and higher) seated for 40 minutes, the three of us were squished into a small 2-person table.
The food was very good and I was pleasantly surprised to see so many vegan options.
With so many good restaurants on the UWS, I don't need overpriced food, absurdly arrogant wait-staff who don't recognize they work at a glorified diner, clumsy service, and management that doesn't care.
The restuarant itself is not large, but seems to have several round tables to accomodate large groups hoping to save a buck to eat authentic Taiwanese.
Did I mention the wine?
I drop more dollar bills here than your uncle after a weekend at Scores.
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
This made it obvious that the food wasn't cooked fresh; it was obviously made before hand and then reheated.
The chicken and falafel platters were nondescript combinations with fresh leaf salad.
The kitchen however, is almost always slow.
The hostess was very pleasant.
The restaurant could use a little paint, but all in all a great sushi place!
They never came back to refill our glasses again.
When I got there the place was packed but they made sure to seat me quickly.
Definitely something to come down and check out.
This dish is my favorite and I always get it when I go there and never get tired of it.
We did have to wait at the bar for approx.
If you've ever been along the river in Weehawken you have an idea of the top of view the chart house has to offer.
Have recommended the place to friends, always gets good response.
This is the first place I've been that a runner remembers my order... hope he likes his job because I have half a mind to steal him for my restaurant.
After dinner, take your date to the HUGE dance floor, probably one of the biggest you'll see in NY.
Won't or Can't is not in the service directory.
I ordered the Chicken Teriyaki and my husband got Garlic Shrimp.
A fairly late entry into the haute barnyard sweepstakes, Flatbush Farm isn't in the same league as the Blue Hills or even the Farm on Adderlys of the world, but it's pretty good, albeit with a somewhat dismal setting.
The spicy Tuna roll is huge and probably the best that I've had at this price range.
However, it's not worth a special trip.
Perhaps this food is considered extreme to an Upper East Side resident, but for the rest of us who've actually eaten ethnic food, this is simply dull.
We laughed when he finally offered us a dessert menu and we left a 10 percent tip, which was generous, I feel.
First walking in the place seemed to have great ambience.
Yeah the crowd can take it a bit seriously, but it shouldn't.
I felt as though I were eating in Paris.
I recently went to this restaurant with some co-workers for lunch and had an amazing time.
I loved it and would HIGHLY RECOMMEND.
this little place has a cute interior decor and affordable city prices.
Secondly, on this night the place was overwhelmed by upper east side ladies perfume.
The best burger I have had in the Village.
You will find everything about Trio to your liking!
I can't wait for the nex time.
This place has good potential, but needs a significant amount of work before we can justify spending that much money on indian food you can get everywhere else.
My friend devoured her chicken and mashed potatos.
Best Pastrami I ever had and great portion without being ridiculous.
Save room for the desserts! ;-)
The sauce is zesty and flavorful and the crust is nice and crispy.
Would definitely go back again.
They never brought us complimentary noodles, ignored repeated requests for sugar, and threw our dishes on the table.
highly recommended.
Now we moved out of the state and every visit to NYC includes a stop here.
Any if you have a reservation you'll wait for max 5 minutes - so have a drink at the bar.
so garantuan that you can't fit them in a toaster.
It may be a bit packed on weekends, but the vibe is good and it is the best French food you will find in the area.
I have reservations about the all you can eat deal, however -- the choices are fairly limited and you can probably order more food than you can eat for less than $18 by just going off the menu.
I haven't been to the other locations.
We were seated promptly as we had reservations, however after that the service was slow.
(Always ask the bartender for the SEASONAL beer!!!
The service is not consistently excellent -- just decent.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
I have taken practically every guest that has come to visit me in NY and hooked a few New Yorkers onto Peep as well.
Kosher dills are the perfect compliment for your unforgetable sandwich and they give you plenty of them.
I am surprised to say the least and find such practice not worth the effort.
Maybe tomorrow ;-)
The restaurant has a Family feel, not least with regard to the portions which are enormous; the veal alone could have single-handedly solved third world famine.
We were very pleasantly surprised.
Dont go to this place!
Everything is excellent, the menu is quite extensive, and you eat with a view on both sides of the city.
I went to Common Stock for brunch and I was so impressed.
The buffet had a nice selection.
Great neighborhood joint.
By the time we left our wallets were empy and so were our stomachs AND we missed the show we were supposed to see following our dinner, which would have been acceptable if we got to enjoy the experience of good food and belly dancers!
It's true, this place is not cheap.
I would not recommend this place to anyone.
Not terrible, but not the restaurant in the reviews of 2002.
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
Entrees include classics like lasagna, fettuccine Alfredo and chicken parmigiana.
The folding chair I was seated at was uncomfortable.
I'm going back.
The space is traditional in feel.
I had a great experience.
The menu was impressive with selections ranging from a burger, to steak, to escargot.
my favorite place lol
OK, I've been to Dumont a few times now.
For asian fusion, there are many places further downtown.
Its just you and your date and an occasional cute excuse me before the waiter opens the little curtain to your booth!
Build a meal with side orders like Amazin' Greens salads, Buffalo Chicken Kickers and Cinna Stix.
Its a go-to for dates as well as entertaining out of town guests.
I've lived in NY for 5 years and this place has it all.
The first 2 courses were very good, but the chocolate sampler was too rich for me and the dessert wine far too sweet.
Finally, I got sick of the bad service, obnoxious smirks, and snotty back talk.
It is quite a spectacular scene i'll give them that.
It is expensive but well worth the money.
I'm happy to have Nosh in the neighborhood and the food is very comforting.
It's somewhere you can eat and be happy.
The ambiance was fine, a little loud but still nice and romantic.
A wonderful place!
Frankly, the chinese food here is something I can make better at home.
The quantity is also very good, you will come out satisfied.
The pizza's are made fresh, crispy, and ready to serve.
Oh and it's too tiny for families with strollers.
My Chelsea's impressive and creative menu includes modern, Westernized Japanese dishes such as Foie Gras Unagi Napolean, Jap style hamburger steak, spicy cod roe spaghetti, black cod with miso base, and rack of lamb in black truffle sauce, to name a few.
Can't wait wait for my next visit.
Either that, or the editor's idea of romance must be sharing a conversation with the next table, while trying to speak louder than the traffic on 57th.
While the new restaurant still features much of the same classical furniture that made Tiffin so attractive, the menu has been overhauled.
The quality of the meat was on par with your local grocery store.
The mussles were the fishiest things I've ever tasted, the seabass was bland, the goat cheese salad was missing the goat cheese, the penne w/ chicken had bones in it... It was disgusting.
The food is prepared quickly and efficiently.
The best!
Having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot.
But the best part about LS is the late night atmosphere, delightfully free of the BTs.
Great people watching as others do the same to you.
Too cold to enjoy.
This restaurant used to be our regular Thursday night dinner location.
All conveniently delivered right to the door.
We arrived for dinner expecting to be impressed by a place that has an impressive past - but, that's just it -- the PAST!
When we left at 8:00 PM, it was packed and noisy.
If you are looking for a good quality, cheap eats - this is the place.
You can even get packages of the chutneys to stock your fridge!
Unbelievable.
Chennai Garden is my favorite Indian restaurant in the city.
Will give it another chance before I write it off.
I would highly recommend this place to anyone who is looking for a fine Indian dining experience that is definitely a value for your dollar.
For someone who used to hate Indian food, Baluchi's has changed my mid.
This place is a great bargain.
We even had a visit from the Manager who wanted to make sure we were enjoying ourselves.
While certain staples are excellent (the burger, some of the pastas), the food is not really the point.
There was a small group of us looking somewhere to eat kinda late on a weeknight and we ended up at Pastis.
The food is good, the teriyaki I recommend.
I just have nothing to say about this place that is negative except that it's not a cheap night out...but it's SO worth it.
We thought that this place is using too much of MSG cooking in the foods.
Our first greeting when we entered was The last call is at 10:15.
The restaurant is a bit noisy but that is something that can be overlooked once you sit down and enjoy a great meal
Unhygienic
I would recommend Roxy's for that, but not for their food.
Wish NY had more of these kind of places: intimate, superb food, homey, top notch all the way around, certainly worth the wait.
This place was not ALL THAT!
THIS STAFF SHOULD BE FIRED.
The sushi is also great!
There is nothing more pleasant than that.
When it came time to take the order the waiter gave us a hard time, walked away then came back with a paper and pen for us to write down what we wanted...excuse me but isn't that his job???
Food was just average...if they lowered the prices just a bit, it would be a bigger draw.
You guys are awesome!
Don't go there!
The food is great.
If you're in the neighborhood, definitely stop by for a great meal.
Wasn't going to share but I feel obligated...while sitting at the sushi bar dining we watched the chef accidentally drop a piece of Unagi on the floor and upon retrieving it from the floor proceed to use the piece in the delivery order he was preparing.
rice dishes and noodle dishes rarely exceed $5 and add on a refreshing ice drink for $2 and you're set for the night!
The Thai ice tea was amazingly smooth and yummy!
We went to Ino for Valentines.
I've been a regular customer at Juice Generation for the last 3 months - my office moved to the Film Center on Ninth Avenue and they are on the next block.
The seafood is amazing, there's a good wine list, and the ever-changing menu always offers some great surprises.
Yes, the place is classy and beautiful, but they most certainly target the uber whealthy Not the common joe that wants to go all out every once in a while.
Warm, comfortable surroundings, nice appointments (witness the etched glass and brickwork separating the dining rooms).
And Kruno, the beverage manager is the best bartender I have yet to come across.
Ciao Bella
I absolutely love this place!!!
Having hunted around for a quiet, romantic, yet not hideously expensive restaurant I stumbled across reviews for La Lanterna and gave it a shot.
They don't concern much of customer's health, just want to make money.
We were less than impressed.
This place is so much fun.
The pizza is the best if you like thin crusted pizza.
The jukebox plays everything from Italian Opera to The Strokes.
My first experience at Siam Square was very pleasant.
The place is so cool and the service is prompt and curtious.
We were sorry to check them off our list as we had enjoyed and recommended the place in the past.
I had roast chicken and a salad.
This is the best thing in Soho.
This place has many different styles of pizza and they are all amazing.
A big disappointment, all around.
My husband and I have been there at least 6 times and we've always been given the highest service and often free desserts.
Have been several times and it never dissapoints.
The dish had like 6 pieces of beef in it.
The nakgi-bokum was horrible.
I highly recommend to anyone to give this place a try.
Consistently good Japanese Tapas.
By the time we finished our dinner we still had not received one beverage NOR hooka!
It's also attached to Angel's Share, which is a cool, more romantic bar...
The parathas and kebabs are made when ordered ensuring a level of freshness that is unsurpassed.
If you like the food and the value you get from some of Chinatown restaurants, this is not the place for you.
The portions are HUGE, so it might be good to order three things to split (rather than one appetizer and entree per person) for two people.
Even after they overcharged me the last time I was there.
All I can say is they are fantastic.
The entrees were served with miso soup and rice.
The decoration was feeling like we was on the Cairo, actually the street is part of that adventure.
With so many poor experiences to be had in the theater district, is truly an excellent find!
Super friendly and knowledgable staff, fabulous bistro fare and a wonderful jazz brunch with great live jazz (the chilaquiles were awesome!
Coming from Boston this place is like Emma's Pizza in Kendall Square in Cambridge (although they have more funky toppings!)
Great food, great drinks, nice dining atmosphere.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
The anti-pasta was excellent, especially the calamari, as were the filling pasta mains.
Food took some time to prepare, all worth waiting for.
Out of the hundreds of Italian restaurants in Queens, this is among the best.
On a hot day it was fabulous to stop in and enjoy lunch.
He offers subpar service and has no personality.
The wine list is also really nice.
The service was attentive and her suggestions of menu items was right on the mark.
We both opted for a pasta dish and they were served timely and fresh.
The buffet had a nice selection.
Oh yes, and they lie on the phone, claiming they have seating in the garden, then of course the seats are not available.
It is nearly impossible to get a table, so if you ever have the chance to go here for dinner, DO NOT pass it up.
Don't ever bother - the drinks were awful, but it was the people who work there that really made this the worst experience at dining.
Went there with my wife and we had to wait for a table even though you could see there many that were empty with not reservation sigh on them.
great food, great wine list, great service in a great neighborhood...
Would NEVER go back there.
By far, the best pizza in Manhattan.
Food was decent, but not great.
Waiters are slow but sweet.
Both the fresh mozzerella slices and the Plain Cheese slice are phenomenal.
I will NEVER return.
The staff is 100% Italian and the food is as authentic as it gets.
Make sure you try this place as often as you can.
we were seated at the sushi bar in front of yasuda.
The problem is just that-it is a sometimes kind of affair.
My daughter and I left feeling satisfied (not stuffed) and it felt good to know we had a healthy lunch.
When I saw that their website had a link to da Ciro in Napoli, I knew there was going to be good pizza!
The exotic food is beautifully presented and is a delight in delicious combinations.
Everyone who works there (the host, the bartender, the servers) is so helpful.
I will definetly be going back.
It was a very nice surprise.
In fact, it appears he is going to go postal at any moment.
I have been in NYC for over 10 years and could not find this delicacy east of the Hudson .
The bagels are also reasonably priced for NYC.
When the main course finally arrived (another 45mins) half of our order was missing.
The portions are large and the servers always surprise us with a different starter.
You don't go to Mizu for excellent service, you go for the large amounts of food, the amiable atmosphere, and the hole-in-the-wall feeling of the place.
I am reluctant to write because I would not want my jem of a pizza place to become overcrowded.
Everything was wonderful; food, drinks, staff, mileau.
I'm no food critic, but I'd like to think I have a tiny bit of experience under my belt having lived in NY for the last 11 years.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
The menu is limited but almost all of the dishes are excellent.
What makes this restaurant special are the authentic sichuan cooking and being the only one in NYC that offers authentic chongqing hotpot.
I had Filet Mignon with garlic mash.
I heard the lobster roll was excellent. 
The food is expensive, but worth every bite.
We got a little tipsy from the sake but isn't that what Saturday nights with the girlfriends are all about?
It's really a takeaway place, I wouldn't sit if I could take it home.
I think locals rate this place so high.
Cornelia Street looks like a Broadway set for West Side Story and the inside of Po is so cool quaint you really can't top the setting for a romantic dinner in NYC.
All in all the food was good - a little on the expensive side, but fresh. 
My wife and I ate here earlier this week and have not stopped ranting and raving about the food.
The dosas are skimpy, unattractive and drip with grease, and personally I'd drink popcorn topping before I'd eat another one of these.
The highlight of the night was the mayonaisse for my side of fries I received from one of the food runners, which is not good considering the bill was nearly $100.
Would not return for the amount we paid.
I just had my first visit to this place and can't wait to go back and slowly work my way through the menu.
The last time I went we were seated at a table in a corridor next to the kitchen.
We were still sitting at the bar while we drank the sangria, but facing away from the bar when we turned back around, the $2 was gone the people next to us said the bartender took it.
I think the meatball parm is good.
Then, IF they answer the phone, you're lucky if they don't hang up on you!
While they keep the capex to a minimum, they do put some cash into the bagels, because they among the best in the city.
i've been to sapphire twice and both times the food was fine, if not good.
I will have to say, this Bengali Fast Food joint is clearly my favorite.
The wait staff was very attentive and polite.
I literally just got back home after visiting Casa La Femme and was so offended by my visit felt it necessary to try and warn other diners who value their money and time.
What?
The food is consistant and good but how it got name Best Diner In Manhattan is beyond me.
It costs $2 extra to turn a regular roll into an inside-out roll, but the roll more than triples in size, and that's not just from the rice.
The pizza was great.
I also ordered the Change Mojito, which was out of this world.
Lahore is a great place to duck into late-night when you need some really tasty food on the cheap -- you'll likely have trouble finishing the amount of food you get for FOUR DOLLARS.
For all you lazy folks that don't want to come to Alphabet City, I say, good - stay out.
There is no excuse for such lousy service!
Just bring someone who speaks Cantonese because waiter may not understand you.
I go back in line like three times on average until I can't walk anymore.
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
Unique apppetizers.
If you're in the 'hood, definitely stop in.
Best drumsticks over rice and sour spicy soup in town!
My husbands was perfect, my was well done and dry.
The manager was rude and handled the situation extremely poorly.
The cuisine from what I've gathered is authentic Taiwanese, though its very different from what I've been accustomed to in Taipei.
The service was excellent - friendly and attentive.
The music was fascinating, but left room for conversation, and the bartender made superb drinks.
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.
This restaurant used to be pretty decent.
I don't think I would go again.
Terrible experience.
We ended the dinner with a surprisingly light and flaky apple tarte tatin.
Disappointingly, their wonderful Saketini has been taken off the bar menu.
Another plus is most of the entrees are approx.
We called the other person who was very close by, and she told us to order for her, so we did. 
Priced at upper intermediate range.
we have been there 3 times since last week we alked it by chance first day the manager offerd us the margherita pizza adn we said yes.
I believe there were 2 shrimp in the "salt encrusted shrimp" appetizer. 
I've had to wait only a few times during lunch but this place is definitely worth the wait.
I was a little leary about Mary's at first - it's small, crowded and you usually have to wait on line - but I'm glad I finally tried it.
the food - not worth the price.
Obviously the Chinese translation of this place does not mean Big Wong, it actually means Great Prosperity.
I started out with a Bombay beer which was big enough for two.
A little overpriced but worth it once you take a bite.
The staff there is very attentive and down to earth.
It's definately not a place to go if you want to impress someone.
Even though the place is not beautiful, the food speaks for itself.
My boyfriend and I went here last night and LOVED it!
We refused to pay for it because at this point it had nothing to do with the food anymore.
I would never recommend this place to anybody even for a casual dinner.
I went to DF for Valentines Day dinner.
Servers are all different, Greg is my favorite.
The service is outstanding and my crab-cake eggs benedict could not have been better.
then she made a fuss about not being able to add 1 or 2 chairs on either end of the table for additional people.
The service was on point - what else you would expect from a Ritz?
They all know you.
A friend from Seattle and I went on a Thursday night around 8:30.
All in all we're already coming up with excuses to go ahead really soon in the next few wks!!!!
The octopus eaters were floored by the Octopus salad.
Decor is nice though service can be spotty.
Winnie and her staff are the best crew you can find serving you.
So rushing us out was absolutely unnecessary!
the atmosphere is very nice, and a welcome escape from the rest of the SI mall.
One of my favorite places in Brooklyn. 
Drinks got screwed up, she acted put upon.
Make more tables- perhaps a rooftop bar?
We had Pam's special fried fish and it was amazing.
They smell like they stuff them with old canned vegetables like the spinach mushroom calzone.
I am so coming back here again, as much as I can.
Just want to warn you all - don't waste your time and money.
Service was decent, but not as smooth as I would expect from a place with these prices and reputation.
It's one of our favorite places to eat in NY.
Before the place didn't call my attention.
Keep up the good work guys!
The sauce may not be for everyone, since it is distintive.
We were greeted promptly by the waiter who was very nice and cordial.
Perhaps the last reviewer (who stated she was treated with attitude) lives in a parallel universe because I have never had anything but a perfect experience at Yasuda.
The ambience was so fun, and the prices were great, on top of the fact that the food was really tasty.
Chance is a joke.
Thanks Bloom's for a lovely trip.
I have no idea why this restaurant is so often overlooked.
The place's decor and hidden bathrooms made for a good laugh.
Speedy delivers, great food, decent prices, and friendly service combine to ensure an enjoyable repast.
Definitely a great spot for a nice occasion or date.
The potato balls were not dry at all... in fact it was buttery.
You'll pay at least double at any other Italian restaurant in the city, and most still don't compare.
Everything is for sale in here including the sculptured iron statue on the table.
I have eaten at some of the 'best' sushi joints in NYC (Nobu, Bond Street, JewelBako, etc) and Yamato is my favorite.
I live nearby and when they first opened, I ate there a lot.
Good, dark atmosphere and the music is a nice touch.
Good food.
The pizza is good though.
It is so easy to get a reservation at a top place in NYC with a week's notice.
I would say that all was fine and tasty but the heaviness on my stomach someting that i can't not mention or undermine.
Ask for the round corner table next to the large window.
I think that it is absolutely brilliant and well runned business operation.
Moderate prices.
the two waitress's looked like they had been sucking on lemons.
The large selection of bruschettas, paninis, tramezzinis keep the palate from stagnating.
Even though its good seafood, the prices are too high.
While it is understandable that every place is indeed different, there was not a need to be uncourteous to customers and downright rude.
He was terribly thirsty after the meal too.
The service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.
But the staff was so horrible to us.
We ate outside at Haru's Sake bar because Haru's restaurant next door was overflowing.
love the food.
We were seated and ignored by waitstaff.
While the $20 entree range is not overly expensive, in New York City, there is definitely better food in that range, and so Sapphire, despite it's lovely atmosphere, will most likely not be a restaurant to which I will return.
Fantastic!
service is friendly, and never had a problem walking in and getting a table.
whoever the jazz duo was, they were on POINT.
I have been to Casimir over 5 times and I have always had a great time there.
All in all a wonderful experience, can't wait to come back.
I take all my NYC guests to VT's.
yourself a favor and have dinner here and see if you dont agree with me.
All-time favorites include the Big Mac, Chicken McNuggets, Filet-O-Fish sandwich and McDonald's famous french fries; lighter options like entree-sized salads are also available.
This place must have cost the owners afortune to build.
Unlike HH up the block, this place actually gives you hearty and hot bagels this town is known for.
A real dissapointment.
I found the variety of the sashimi plate to be satisfying - fresh and yummy.
My wife and I will usually only order one primi and one secondi and split them, as they tend to offer large portions.
Pacifico is a great place to casually hang out.
This was, from start to finish, a mind-bogglingly uncomfortable experience.
This place is greatly welcome in the desolate little strip between the Prospect Expressway and Greenwood Cemetery - a wasteland we like to call The Sliv.
The fish is fresh but the variety of fish is nothing out of ordinary.
What more could you want?
I am surprised at the lower reviews because it is definitely better than other places I have tried with higher ratings.
We ordered dosut bibimbap and nakgi-bokum.
Each table has a pot of boiling water sunken into its surface, and you get platters of thin sliced meats, various vegetables, and rice and glass noodles.
The food here was mediocre at best. 
Our family never expected such incredible entertainment in a restaurant.
This place would be so much better served by being run by a group that actually understands customer service.
If you go for the pre-theatre menu, it's an even greater deal.
I have never had cheescake like this.
Great food!
I recently tried Suan and I thought that it was great.
Kudos Haru
A very inviting restaurant, with friendly service.
You cannot go wrong at the Red Eye Grill.
It is obvious that no one in the restaurant has any idea about or experience with Japanese cuisine.
I wasn't impressed and it wasn't SPICEY????
From the beginning, we were met by friendly staff memebers, and the convienent parking at Chelsea Piers made it easy for us to get to the boat.
I was with a party of 7 (close but not next the the front doors) and we were eating with our coats on.
This place is to be avoided.
Immediately after we paid, the waiter took the money and said, okay, you guys are outta here.
Very good service and very good prices.
We were very pleasantly surprised.
She gets 10 for her excellent service and advice.
I in all reality felt as if I had just gotten off Air France and was in the 8th District in Paris.
It's simply the best meal in NYC.
Saul is the best restaurant on Smith Street and in Brooklyn.
During the course of the past 3 months, the chef and staff changed and it was not for the better.
I would highly recommend it.
Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.
The waiter was attentive.
But this place is a well-oiled machine so they know what they're doing.
I'm sure I'll return for a final judgement tho.
Tried the pad see ew on the recommendation of the last reviewer since it's one of my favorite dishes.
We had crawfish boiled and despite making a mess, it was a ton of fun and quite tasty as well.
We actually left hungry and went across the street to Wo Hop at 15 Mott street for some good chinese food.
The food was bland oily.
The food is top notch, the service is attentive, and the atmosphere is great.
All the various Greek and Cypriot dishes are excellent, but the gyro is the reason to come--if you don't eat one your trip was wasted.
As BFC doesn't take reservations you almost always have to wait by the bar - and be abused by the front of house staff until you are seated, which can be over an hour later!
We made early dinner reservations and were thoroughly impressed, reminds me of my grandfather, its old school Italian scenery with lots of fun stuff to admire.
I've been to Joya twice and I will never go again.
Who has room for Cheesesticks with the best pizza in NYC!
The service is fantastic.
Please take my advice, go and try this place.
Waitstaff are very friendly.
I took my girlfriend there for her birthday last night and we had a relaxing, really good meal.
The prices and ambience are especially great considering it's in the West Village.
This place is average... at best.
Great food and the prices are very reasonable.
Good food: my favorite is the seafood spaghetti.
Excellent atmosphere, delicious dishes good and friendly service.
Quite simply it's like stepping out of Manhattan and into a haven of tranquility.
Taking Hot Dogs to the next level
So my husband made up an excuse so we can leave.
The wine list is excellent.
This is a fun restaurant to go to.
The wine list is also really nice.
Price and quality of fish alone will keep us from making a return visit.
I have to say I have never had a disapointing meal here.
I went there with my friend last saturday.
Salads were fantastic.
So eat fast and order a lot.
I really loved the different and inovated touch that's the cheff gives to the food.
The food is great, service is ok.
Conveniently located too, being right on Bedford ave.
But too far east!
Service was very good - prompt, attentive and non-intrusive.
We had the scallops as an appetizer and they were delicious and the sauce was wonderful.
I really like both the scallops and the mahi mahi (on saffron risotto-yum!).
I recommend the jelly fish, drunken chicken and the soupy dumplings, certainly the stir fry blue crab.
I was glad I did.
I had a huge pastrami sandwich on a roll.
And they provided a delicious dessert on the house!
Bay Terrace mall is nothing (ok, almost nothing) without it!
its just a fun place to go, not a five star restaraunt.
While Sapphire is certainly not lacking in ambiance, and probably has the best decor of any Indian restaurant I have been to in New York City, the food was not what I had hoped for.
It is by far my favorite restaurant in Brooklyn.
A quintessential slice of NYC pizza.
Great friendly service, Fast seating, Fast Delivery, Excellent sushi.
at taj, vegetarians can rejoice-all the dishes are manna from heaven.
All of the pizzas are terrific and the price is even better!
Of course, it is crowded but who cares.
And, the honey BBQ rib tips are yummy!
I think the stuff was better than Disney.
Oh, and I never write reviews--I just was so moved by how bad this place was, I felt it was my duty to spread the word.
Delivery is fast too.
I highly recommend Cafe St. Bart's for their food, the ambience and wonderful service.
it was really good pizza.
Have the iced tea.
My main concern was the sanity of the food that was being sent out to myself and others, but I would be lying is I said that as someone who has worked in restaurants since the age of fifteen I was expecting at least a minimal effort on the part of the restaurant to amend the situation.
The waitress suggested glasses of wine that went very well with the food.
Don't dine at Tamarind for the vegetarian dishes, they are simply not up to par with the non-veg selections.
The first time the sushi was outstanding, the second time it was a little bland.
You rarely have to wait for a seat and the currys (masaman, green, red) are full of flavor and come super spicy if you ask for it.
The food here does a great service to the name (Cantonese that is...).
We all had the tasting menu and unlike some of the other reviews, I felt there was more than enough food.
There are much better places in NY with better prices.
The food however, is what one might expect.
The food was pretty good, but a little flavorless and the portions very small, including dessert.
He has visited Thailand and is quite expert on the cuisine.
Molto bene!
Arigato Gozimas Yuka!
for out-of-towners who will get a big thrill out of the location!
Yakitori (bbq meats) is tasty too.
Everyone was more then happy with his choices.
The food is a diamond in rough -- the food is delicious and homemade with the perfect balance of herbs and tomatoes.
I absolutely love this place!!!
Next time, we wouldn't dare ordering anything else other than some simple Asian appetizers and drinks.
Cozy romantic atomosphere with only around 15 tables at most.
The banana tower is an amazing dessert as well.
Do yourself a favor and walk the extra avenue from joe's to eat here.
I also recommend the garlic knots.
Perfectly al dente pasta, not drowned in sauce -- generous portions.
good variety but nothing surprising.
For a Fabulous Wedding!
Great food, great prices, great service.
The decor is dark, cool and soothing, while the food's presentation is spectacular, considering the low prices.
The food was very good, but not very thai.
Definitely not a restaurant to skip!
In any event, this is a place I'll be sure to stop by again when I'm in this part of town.
We have tried every Thai restaurant between Atlantic Avenue and 4th Streets, and Joya is the best.
I cannot imagine a friendlier staff working in a restaurant.
Not worth it.
The pasta was well cooked, didn't have enough sauce though or flavor.
Personal pans are the perfect size for those hungry nights.
If you are in search of the most authentic NYC deli experience look no further than the famous and historic Katz's Deli down on the Lower East Side.
good music, great food, speedy service affordable prices.
Great food (spinach and corn dumplings and massamman curry), very friendly and no nonsense service and a clean and funky bathroom.
We were not disappointed.
Will never be back.
Love this place, every time we are in the city this is one of the places we always go.
Outstanding Bagels, but you get what you pay for.
Highly recommended to all!
I completely recommend Casa La Femme for any special occasion and to REALLY impress your date.
I work near-by, and they have the BEST oatmeal in the neighborhood- not a packaged or quick-cooked item.
We all ordered different entrees so we could share.
You fellas above says its the best Taiwanese restaurant in town.
Oh, and the complimentary pudding dessert was just enough- yummy!
We liked it so much, that we will always make it a point to dine here when we visit New York.
Having not been home in the last 2 years may skew this reviewer a bit, but the food was tasty and spicy sans the oil that comes floating along at similar venues.
Go to son cubano in edgewater nj instead.
Remind me of home.
The family seafood entree was very good.
However, if you want great food at a great price and don't mind the decor, you can't beat this place.
I had to flag down a third staff person for a fork... so now it's goodbye Little RUDE Pie Company.
By far the best salad I have had in a fast food restaurant.
I had to ask her three times before she finally came back with the dish Ive requested.
Every time in New York I make it a point to visit Restaurant Saul on Smith Street.
Hats off to the chef.
Both times I was extremely dissappointed by the service, which was boarderline rude.
What a hassle!
The ground chickpea soup we sampled as a starter tasted somewhat thin.
The rest of the menu is limited by everything is good eats.
I definitely enjoyed the food as well.
I am relatively new to the area and tried Pick a bgel on 2nd and was disappointed with the service and I thought the food was overated and on the pricey side.
We were then shooed inside.
The bartender on my most recent visit was so incredibly rude that I will never go back.
I wouldn't mind going back some time, but not before trying others nearby.
We always go there on the weekends and leave extremely full and satisfied.
I love this place.
Go for the Seafood Paella for two.
It's great to go for a quick lunch either alone or with a friend.
We had a birthday party here recently and the food and service was amazing.
Searching to get out from the cold, freezing weather, we went into what we thought was a deli.
in conclusion, THIS PLACE SUCKS!!!
If you like your music blasted and the system isnt that great and if you want to pay at least 100 dollar bottle minimun then you'll love it here.
I had the duck breast special on my last visit and it was incredible.
Guacamole+shrimp appetizer was really great, we both had the filet, very good, didn't much like the frites that came with, but the filet was so good, neither of us cared.
A guaranteeed delight!
So, I switch with my boyfriend again to see if maybe I could stomach the meat and spinach again, but the spinach was so undercooked that I just could not bite through it.
My boyfriend and I recently had an early dinner at Artisanal and was satisfied with our experience.
Coffee is a better deal than overpriced Cosi sandwiches.
I complained to the waiter and then to the manager, but the intensity of rudeness from them just went up.
They are served on Focacchia bread and are to die for.
I was looking for banana tempura for dessert and they dont have.
The pesto pizza was excellent, thin-crust pizza with a nice amount of spicy Italian cheese that I'd never heard of before.
Traditional French decour was pleasant though the hall was rather noisy - the restaurant was full and we had to raise our voices to be able to maintain a conversation.
You can't go wrong here.
I had very high expectations for this place and made a reservation a couple of months in advance for a special occasion.
There's candlelight and music.
You will not be disapointed at all.
this place had ALL the trimmings and i mean all.
stick with the chicken, beef, and lamb dishes.
Told us to sit anywhere, and when we sat he said the table was reserved.
Seriously, this place kicks ass.
Gorgeous place ideal for a romantic dinner
The waitress was very patient with us and the food is phenomenal!
I was speechless by the horrible food.
The fish was not fresh and the rice tasted old and stale.
The room is a gorgeous, bi-level space and the long bar perfect for a drink.
Although the tables may be closely situated, the candle-light, food-quality and service overcompensate.
Our waiter was friendly and it is a shame that he didnt have a supportive staff to work with.
I loved it and will be back soon.
Waitstaff is great, very attentive.
If I could give 0 stars I would do so for this place.
Cute and decorative.
Nice value.
You can get a completely delish martini in a glass (that's about 2 1/2 drinks) for $8.50 (I recommend the Vanilla Shanty, mmmm!) in a great homey setting with great music.
The hanger steak was like rubber and the tuna was flavorless not to mention it tasted like it had just been thawed.
To the owners; good job guys, this place is a keeper!
Small servings for main entree, i had salmon (wasnt impressed) girlfriend had chicken, it was good.
As there were so many to choose from we wandered up and down the street looking in the windows and such noticicing many empty seats ,except at Taj Mahal.
Authentic food and they have REAL service, not just the rush you get sometimes when they try to push you out the door.
I would definently recommend this restaurant.
Three courses - choices include excellent mussels, puff pastry goat cheese and salad with a delicious dressing, and a hanger steak au poivre that is out of this world.
This place, however, has a lot less pretension than Joya and the Thai food is still above-average.
The staff ignored my friends and I the entire time we were there.
Fantastic!
Cute place, nice wait staff but would never go there again.
Terrible, terrible management - deserves to be shut-down.
With the theater 2 blocks away we had a delicious meal in a beautiful room.
Great for large groups and celebrations - our SUPER HAPPY waiter was the entertainment of the evening.
Thank You Emilio.
Great Indian food
I went with 5 friends and we lingered at the table for a bit and didn't feel rushed at all even though there was a wait.
No you're going to go back because the food was good.
I heartily recommend.
I've always been seated propmtly.
Haru on Park S is simply disgusting.
Ambiance- relaxed and stylish.
No dress codes, no attitudes, plenty of comfort companionship, a great place to relax in an always busy Midtown.
Less than three minutes passed before I found myself doubled over the toilet.
Wonderful at holiday time.
Tell them Herky sent you and get a free confused look from the waiter.
otherwise, good stuff for late nite eats.
I've been to Sotto Voce several time, and I have to say this one place that hits the nail right on the head ever time!
The food was very well prepared.
The place is larger than most and features adequate seating unlike most joints, and has a bar which deserves a mention.
He not only makes his own homemade mozzarella, but every pie is ultra fresh.
sandwiches tho pricey are over stuffed - can serve 2 persons easily thus cost effective!
The ambience was nice, but service wasn't so great.
We been there and we really enjoy the food, was areally great food, and the service was really good.
However, I do not understand the extraordinary hype about this restaurant.
Average to good Thai food, but terrible delivery.
This was a great surprise.
Bobb V's is a great place to take your Friends and Family!
Check it out
Not only do they have the best escargot in town,they always try to accomodate our toddler.
I live a block away and go to Patsy's frequently.
Just went here for my girlfriends 23rd bday.
Ive been here so many times the waiters know my name.
His wife Tanya, the hostess, completes the comforting atmosphere by being delightfully warm and gracious.
Sake collection was excellent (Try Nanbu Bijin), but pricy.
Yamato is an excellent place to go if youre not into sashimi, or if you have friends who doesnt like sushi much.
it is a cozy place to go with a couple of friends.
Vanison was good but not amazing.
Unique apppetizers.
Here's the thing, you're in the best city in the world for restaurants.
it's the only place you can get yummy authentic japanese comfort food.
Bleecker St Pizza is the best!
The food there are sastifying.
I've eaten at Pizza Gruppo a few times, but more often I order delivery.
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
An excellent alternative to fast food joints and ordering in but, the food was slightly disappointing.
We picked it randomly, without a recommendation from someone who has been there, so we weren't sure what to expect.
Go here for a romantic dinner but not for an all out wow dining experience.
The only problem is that the manager is a complete incompetent.
A con was the slow bar service.
The tables are crammed way too close, the menu is typical of any Italian restaurant, and the wine list is simply overpriced.
This place has the best Chinese style BBQ ribs in the city.
We would like to thank Marcelo and Grace for a wonderful dining experience!!!
Toons has recently been redone, so it's now a very attractive space.
i've noticed megadeth, mr. scruff, st. germain, traditional vietnamese songs, black sabbath, jay-z, and daft punk all being played.
Food is average, and I would say even the chain restaurant Baluchi's tastes better.
Metrazur has a beautiful spot overlooking the main terminal.
The food is also outstanding and is served quite quickly.
The service is descent even when this small place is packed.
We were disappointed with the pre-fixe menu of only 2 choices per course (other restaurants offer 3 choices) and ended up ordering a la carte.
But make sure you have enough room on your credit card as the bill will leave a big dent in your wallet.
Just ignore the trendy wannabes.
Starters: Kobe Beef Sashimi.
You can get a table without a reservation if you get there early I they don't make you by bottles.
The waitress came to check in on us every few minutes, and began to clear the plates while half of us were still eating (a big pet peeve of mine that happens almost everywhere, so I try to ignore it).
The french fries -- with the kalmata dip were terrific!
I was pleasantly suprised.
Murray won't do it.
For dinner I had the chicken tikka-masala and some garlic naan.
Considering you will spend at least $60 a head, I expect better service. 
$6 and there is much tasty food, all of it fresh and continually refilled.
Mine was a little burnt but still delicious with goat cheese and panchetta (raddichio was kind of bitter though).
This is a real gem of a place.
I mentioned the squid dish wasn't very good when the waitress visited.
Nice for one time special occasion.
this is the best secret place in midtown', I heard that from the bartender, after having brilliant food ( try steak with portobello mushrooms) and drinks on the bar last Tuesday.
I've been here a couple of times and have not been impressed.
I have never had cheescake like this.
Please if your thinking about it go, and stay the wait you won't be disappointed.
Plain and simple it's bad thai food.
Make sure you have the Spicy Scallop roll.. .
I like Mamoun's food as well, but side by side, Kati Rolls just produce tastier food hands down.
Lexicographers take note: a new and fascinating definition of rudeness is alive and flourishing right here in Brooklyn.
The wine list is extensive and can easily hike up an otherwise reasonably priced meal.
THE FRANKENSTEIN SHOW WAS THE BEST.
It was wonderful.
Now it's so crowded and loud you can't even talk to the person next to you.
The appetizing is excellent - just as good as Zabars Barney Greengrass at a reasonable price (if bought by the pound).
Service was also horrible and the ambience is not that great.
This little place is wonderfully warm welcoming.
My wife and I also enjoyed the spinach, the Shanghai low mein, and other attractions.
The Sashimi portion are big enough to appease most people, but I didn't like the fact they used artifical lobster meat.
Great find!!!
This restaurant is a wonderful place to go many times and it is reasonably priced.
they did give a 15% discount at the end, wasn't enough, as they knew the service was horrible.
Rao's has the best service and atmosphere in NYC.
The portions are very large and the service is fantastic!!
The design is very intimate and romantic.
Excellent dumplings served amid clean, chic decor.
The lox is always fresh too.
I love the drinks, esp lychee martini, and the food is also VERY good.
Great Hot Dogs!
I have been urged by friends for months to check out the mermaid inn.
Will give it another chance before I write it off.
You must try the shrimp appetizers.
The waiter delivered our food while holding what appeared to be a plastic bag of garbage in one hand.
One of the more authentic Shanghainese restaurants in the US definitely the best in Manhattan Chinatown.
highly recommended.
i have eaten here a handful of times, for no reason besides sheer convenience.
I ordered the smoked salmon and roe appetizer and it was off flavor.
I must say it's a little pricey for the food because it was not as spectacular as the view.
We were then shooed inside.
They even have a section in the menu called American Chinese food!
Even my Indian friend couldn't believe how good and tasty everything was.
This is a typical example of an establishment in which its owners do not know anything about the restaurant business!
This is a nice restaurant if you are looking for a good place to host an intimate dinner meeting with business associates.
The place is a BISTRO which means: simple dishes and wine served efficiently in a bustling atmosphere.
It's really also the service, is good and the waiters are friendly.
The food is tasty and portion sizes are appropriate.
I found it on a cold night, the perfect spot to warm up.
Get there before 7pm.
I/we will never go back to this place again.
I went there with my friend last saturday.
bottles of wine are cheap and good.
The service is ok, some of the people didn't get what they asked for.
All toppings are so fresh you'd think they had their own vegetable garden and the crust is so perfect, that one actually thinks of how it was made.
I've never had bad service and the fish is fresh and delicious.
None of that yucky whipped stuff.
Food was good and the view of the new york city skiline was terrific even on a foggy rainy day like that of when I went.
The atmosphere is unheralded, the service impecible, and the food magnificant.
This is by far my favorite place in the neighborhood.
For all of you new to Indian food, try the Paneer Roll, it is a piece of heaven.
I used to be a regular costumer at pongal until dosa hut opened right next door to it.
We were walking around the village and went into this place just for some drinks.
It's a really great deal, considering we got full off of four dollars.
Prices even outside of restaurant week were great.
good selection of wines ranging from affordable to high end.
Delicious, creative and fun.
It saves walking in and waiting for a table in the often noisy, crowded bar at dinnertime.
The bar drinks were Eh, ok to say the least.
The food is good, I can't lie.
The waiters ALWAYS look angry and even ignore their high-tipping regulars.
The hostess said "Wow that's a large group, unless you aren't together", to which I replied "no we are, and there will be one more, so a table for six please." 
I went to Areo on a Sunday afternoon with four of my girlfriends, and spent three enjoyable hours there.
It's easy to get a table for a large group and you don't get hustled out.
i would just ask for no oil next time.
The view is spectacular, and the food is great.
This wasn't the expected menu comprised only of pad thai and tom yum soup, but I thought that was what made the place so special.
Best of all is the warm vibe, the owner is super friendly and service is fast.
Still, any quibbles about the bill were off-set by the pour-your-own measures of liquers which were courtesey of the house...
Staff is accomodating make sure you are satified.
Reasonable prices.
One of my favorite restaurants in the neighborhood.
Walk-ins are risky too.
everyone was cheerfully cooperative and helpful.
It can be a little confusing as to where one goes to order, but once the food is ordered, you are in for a treat.
It is definitely a good spot for snacks and chat.
Visited there while on vacation and reading the reviews.
The place is sleek, modern and playfull and i will return again frequently.
This place is a literal hole-in-the-wall that is buried within Doyers, right off of Pell St (barber's alley) in Chinatown.
Their bagels are fine, but they are a little overcooked, and not really a 'special' bagel experience.
Her review is above.
I'm saving up for my next visit.
I definitely wouldn't go back.
Growing up in NY, I have eaten my share of bagels.
Price is high but the food is good, so I would come back again.
The food is usually good but it certainly isn't a relaxing place to go.
It's a steal!
What a ripoff!
We happened upon this place purely by accident and were pleased with the results.
Don't be fooled by crowds of people.
This place is incredibly tiny.
I plan on eating here more often.
If you want to save some money, don't go here.
I must say I am surprised by the bad reviews of the restaurant earlier in the year, though.
The food was absolutely horrible!
The food was wonderful and imaginative.
My daughter's wedding reception at Water's Edge received the highest compliments from our guests.
Was her Monday for lunch - was working on a film in the area - and found this rare jewel.
There are numerous shavue restaurants in LA, but few out here.
I seriously doubt I will ever dine at Jimmy's Bronx, or for that matter, Jimmy's Uptown, again.
Subtle food and service
If it isn't for the food (A+++), it must be the service or the ambience.
Always busy but fast moving.
Based on the reviews for dinner, this is a place I would reconsider revisiting for that, but definitely not for Dim Sum again.
Try the hot dogs too, they're snappy and delicious.
Curioni's Pizza has been around since the 1920's.
Our first time in New York and we had to try a New York Bagel.
There is usually a wait but it is well worth it.
I know because I live nearby.
because the waiters need SEVERE ATTITUE ADJUSTMENTS.
The prices are exceptionally reasonable for food of this caliber.
It is one the nicest outdoor restaurants I have ever seen in NY--I am from Italy and this place rivals the ones in my country.
They are opening two more places as i saw a flyer there one in Yonkers which is a restraunt and banquet hall and another one in parsipanny new jersey.
Food and service was okay.
I am a 100 lb girl, had a glass of wine and a glass of beer prior to the dinner, and I was still HUNGRY after my visit to this place!
I must give it Yon out of Yon stars!
Better than the bagel shop on the corner, but not worth going out of your way for, in my opinion.
Thius is a must for anyone who loves Shabu-Shabu.
Went there for an office lunch.
The real problem I had with this place was the complete lack of service.
I had the best ravioli ever.
I have been living in NYC for bit now and I have to say I love to go out and explore the scene.
Probably much busier for lunch, it's seldom crowded for dinner (too close to downtown).
Joe's Pizza used to have the best slice until this pizzeria opened up.
There is a lot of variety even for people who eat vegetarian like me.
Its location is good and the fact that Hutner College is near and their prices are very reasonable, makes students go back to Suan again and again.
At 6:30, we were the third party there.
If you are the type of person who likes being scared and entertained, this is a great place to go and eat.
It's called Gnochi alla nona and is found under Chef Specials.
The pasta penne was pretty extra buttery, creamy which means a big task to diggest.. tasty at first but i would say that i was full with a slice of pizza and 7 to count, penne...got a little moody afterwards cause was stuffed...lol
This place is not worth the prices.
Half a chicken with a mountain of rice and beans for $6.25.
Boy was I wrong!
If your visiting, you'll enjoy the ambiance and the fact that it's in Time Sq...
Hurley's is like Cheers where everyone knows your name and they are ACTUALLY glad you came.
never swaying, never a bad meal, never bad service...
You get what you pay for and with that logic in mind, Spice is a great place to grab some cheap eats and drinks in a beautiful setting.
Who said go when the place is quiet during the day?
I've been many time and have never been disappointed.
Dug the blue bar area too.
It is set far from the small street it's on, and there is no traffic noise.
Service here was great, food was fantastic.
word of advice, save room for pasta dishes and never leave until you've had the tiramisu.
The only thing I could get attention from was one of at least two cats running around that kept batting at my table.
their dinner specials are fantastic.
The food was amazing, and the service was prompt and helpful, but not over-bearing or rushed.
Quartino is my favoriate resturant in NYC.
Way too much money for such a terrible meal.
However, go for the ambience, and consider the food just a companion for a trip across the world!
Good spreads, great beverage selections and bagels really tasty.
We thought this a prelude to what the evening will be like.
Everything from the eggs benedict to the mussels and even the hamburger were done well and very tasty.
So we sat at the bar, the bartender didn't seem like he wanted to be there.
not the food ,not the ambiance , not the service, I agree with the previous reviews you wait and wait , the wait staff are very rude and when you get in they are looking to get you right out .
I have to highly recommend the lobster roll - not to much mayo; you can tell it was a fresh lobster.
I will be going back very soon.
The have over 100 different beers to offer thier guest so that made my husband very happy and the food was delicious, if I must recommend a dish it must be the pumkin tortelini.
It's all about the food !!
Much more reasonably priced too!
The bar has various selections and the mixed drink special is a catcher! 2 for 1's.
Great atmoshere and worth every bit.
Took my mom for Mother's Day, and the maitre d' was pretty rude.
The takeout is great too since they give high quality tupperware as well.
Service is fast and friendly.
I have tried to make reservations, but both times, the hostess didn't have my name.
The whole set up is truly unprofessional and I wish Cafe Noir would get some good staff, because despite the current one this is a great place.
We'd go back again
I would go back.
We ordered the special, grilled branzino, that was so infused with bone, it was difficult to eat.
The host (owner) and servers are personable and caring.
I have tried the various slice joints around the village but this is by far the best one.
This place is worth an one-hour drive.
The staff was too busy ordering sushi for dinner and then laying it out to eat on the bar to even bring me my check.
Stumbled upon this gem of a pizza place and I will be going back frequently.
I went to this restaurant with a woman that I met recently.
We were pleasantly greeted.
The prices are wonderfully low.
It's just O.K. pizza.
I've been here 3 times for lunch and it is one of my favorites in the city.
My wife had barely touched that mess of a dish.
The ambience is pretty and nice for conversation, so a casual lunch here would probably be best.
This has got to be one of the most overrated restaurants in Brooklyn.
All are GREAT - poori, naan, paratha all FRESH.
Ummm...the beer was cold.
This was the worst dining experience I've ever had.
A little noise but I think that was because of our party!
great food, lt's of it, more then one person can eat!
Loved it
When we sat, we got great and fast service.
This place is incredibly tiny.