I can't even install one of the 3 printers I have in my house so I am unable to print.
It would not let me connect to my Wifi system where I lived.
This Macbook Pro is fast, powerful, and runs super quiet and cool.
This laptop looked brand new and was shipped very quickly.
One of the wonderful things about Macs is that they are virus free.
There are no gold key numbers too intall programs, you must use the serial numbers that it does not accept and then things are limited as far a working because they are only good for a short time.
My laptop is so light that I can take it with me anywhere.
I would recommend Mac, and do, to anyone looking to buy a new computer.
DEFINITELY recommended!!!
But guess what?  (you have to buy an external dvd drive it doesn't have a built in type) The notebook can't be used because it doesn't read anything for an external drive.
Pay attention to the specs if you want these options.
Then HP sends it back to me with the hardware screwed up, not able to connect.
Not sure how I recommend it for quality gaming, as I have a desktop rig for that reason.
It has a lot of memory and a great battery life.
   I'm a professional consultant, and a client needed work on her machine.
I have used a computer at work but having your own personal laptop is AWSOME!
The reflectiveness of the display is only a minor inconvenience if you work in a controlled-lighting environment like me (I prefer it dark) or if you can crank up the brightness.
Harddrive was in poor condition, had to replace it.
I called Toshiba and they want me to be without my laptop for about two weeks while they look at the problem.
IT IS TRASH!
This causes my wrist to scrape up against it.
the whole experiece is horrible so save up and buy a better laptop.
So, I thought why not give Mac Book pro a try.
Just don't waste your time and money on this.
Added an iMac about 2 years later.
Set up was easy.
I am loving the fast performance also.
It has enough memory and speed to run my business with all the flexibility that comes with a laptop.
Windows also shuts the computer down for no reason without warning.
it is hard to fix and makes it a hassle to own one.
Of course, I also have several great software packages that came for free including iWork, GarageBand, and iMovie.
From the second you open the box you will fall in love with this computer!
It wasn't worth it.
I upgraded the memory and replaced the base Windows 7 Starter to Win 7 Home, and it runs just fine.
Despite the claims of the Apple apologists (a vice of which I am recently myself reformed) the internals of Mac laptops are NO different from PCs' at this point.
The Toshiba Satellite laptop is  DESIGNED  to fail !
I shipped out on Saturday, July 17.
Probbly the worst decision we ever made!
I consider myself an average user and this computer serves my need.
power supply went bad after 2 weeks --
The computer did what it was NOT supposed to do, and I didn't know what to do....
It is more than enough computer to keep up with the needs of a high school student.
  However the frozen screens kept happening.
I Contacted HP  about this situation and was given excuses, without results.
The So called laptop Runs to Slow and I hate it!
The new MBP offers great portability and gives us confidence that we are not going to need to purchase a new laptop in 18 months.
i cant believe HP put this out.
I love the operating system and the preloaded software.
I fell in love with it.
STOPPED BOOTING UP less than a week after my one-year warranty was up.
The computer could have been shipped by Priority Mail through the USPS for the same cost and arrived by Noon on Tue.
So you might ask, what did Apple do for me?
?I am only interested in the 15.4  McBook Pro  Model # MD103LL/A
I have had laptops in the past and I thought why not give these small netbooks a try.
) I also purchased  Applecare  for $300, which is a three year extended warranty, since I ve never seen any laptop that lasted more than two.
Good bye BLUE SCREEN and Critical errors!!!!
Even so, I like playing online games, so it was wonderful that there is a feature where I can dualboot Windows.
apple has a reputation and is well known for its easy usage.
It would take up too much time to do reaearch for my papers and I would be up hours-just because the computer was too slow.
I feel that it was poorly put together, because once in a while different plastic pieces would come off of it.
You can imagine that an expensive item as a laptop will not be left on your front steps, it needs signature to pove that you received it.
But not in this case.
The screen is huge and coloful, but no LED backlighting.
!Excelent performance, usability, presentation and time response.
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
It gives me the power and speed that I need to run all the programs I use to edit.
But sitting on a lap or on a desk in front of you it looks more than big enough (this could be because Im used to my Lenovo 10 tablet now) plus this is a great size if I want to unplug the external keyboard, mouse, and monitor to take it with me when I take photos and video.
Apparently they're not special anymore .
little short on RAM but you get what you pay for.
It was at my door in less than 24 hours.
Very nice so far.
This laptop rocks (only wish it could run SolidWorks CAD - which Apple doesn't support)!
I can't honestly say I was heartbroken.
Not working = bad
I bought this Macbook Pro from Best Buy under a year ago to replace my old Macbook Air.
/ awesome cooling system/ much better grafics card (ATI 5870) / 8GB RAM/ LED backlit screen...
THIS HAS BEEN NOTHING BUT A HEADACHE SINCE WE PURCHASED IT.
When I finally had everything running with all my software installed I plugged in my droid to recharge and the system crashed.
I also had a problem with the touchpad that caused the mouse pointer to jump all over the screen.
I had of course bought a 3 year warranty, so I sent it in to be replaced and (almost 2 months later) the dv4 is what the sent me as a replacement.
It didn't take me long to get switched over to the Mac computer programs and navigation - it's been just fine and like the way this laptop functions much better.
Either way the entire thing was just a joke, a complete rip off!
I challenge anyone to show proof that through anywhere near normal use can get more than 2.5 hrs out of it.
The last new mac I bought was in 1998.
*3 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Visited MacHouse Amsterdam.
So glad I have gone this route!!
another problem.
BOUGHT FROM WAL-MART, I BELIEVE THAT THIS LAPTOP WAS A REPAIRED ITEM.
  The board has a bad connector with the power supply and shortly after warrenty expires the power supply will start having issues.
AND the best part is that it even comes with a free printer (when they have a certain promotion/offer going, of course)!
It even has a great webcam, and Skype works very well.
The only problems are the sound isnt very loud I have to wear headphones.
The 2 GB of RAM is plenty, able to run Windows 7 and at least 2 or 3 other programs with next to no slowdown.
It Was a great deal after all.
I hate it.
Would like more trendy, high tech features.
  They said it was a computer error on this type of computer.
The one thing I wish it had was a detailed hardcopy manuel.
It is very well built.
I am not sure if it was the drive itself, however;
Once you get past learning how to use the poorly designed Windows 8 Set-Up you may feel frustrated.
he can't stand it.
what an elegant, wonderful machine.
for two months, when YOU GUESSED IT.
I couldn't be more pleased.
Now, the next issue I had freaked me out.
when i called to have another one shipped or to get my money back they said the return policy is 23 twenty three days from the date of purchase.
Some days it's just blurry, some days it appears that it's raining on my nice desktop background of a lake and mountains.
I had something else go wrong and they said it had to be in good working order to be able to buy the warranty.
My review mainly talks about the difference I have felt between an early 2011 and late 2011 mac book pro.
Runs very smoothly.
Bought for my daughter to take for starting college this fall - she has been on it non-stop ever since "learning how to use it".
Buy the Mac Mini it's a terribly great machine.
The screen is a little glary, and I hated the clicking buttons, but I got used to them.
I can't even turn it off.
  i have tried to charge on different batteries with no luck.
Disappointing for such a lovely screen and at a reasonable price
I'm pretty sure when I bought it, my bank account went 'ouch!
It is extremely portable and easily connects to WIFI at the library and elsewhere.
And the screen on this thing is absolutely amazing for high quality videos and movies and gaming.
The bottom-line is that this laptop just isn't worth it.
Will certainly use MacConnection again.
the programs are esay to use and are quick to process this computer works like a charm.
Buy this if you like being tortured, teased, frustrated and wasting twice as much time as you spent using your old Mac.
  But I needed a laptop for school use.
They break down just as often as PCs do, and the only reason they don't get viruses, is because no one makes viruses for them, they're not better in any way, they are worse, try finding virus protection programs for a Mac, they don't exist.
Other than that its a great performing machine and well meets all my needs and more.
Recommended to people as their first laptop.
also it comes with very useful applications like iphoto that it is the best photo application i have ever had
I thought learning the Mac OS would be hard, but it is easily picked up if you are familiar with a PC.
But I was completely wrong, this computer is UNBELIEVABLE amazing and easy to use.
Still, this laptop is perfect for all day use at school and work.
Have one myself and Love it!
  And at one point, they blame me for installing a bad memory stick when I upgrade my memory for the first time during my purchase of the laptop (I bought the memory stick they recomended).
However, the machine itself left a bit to be desired.
Strong build though which really adds to its durability.
Never any doubt I would get a MacBook, just wasn't sure which one.
I now travel with this laptop and my work PC.
On start up it asks endless questions just so itune can sell you more of their products.
It's been a couple weeks since the purchase and I'm struggle with finding the correct keys (but that was expected).
Apple is always great about the aesthetics of things, they always come up with good looking products.
I decided to buy a few notebooks for my nephews for Xmas.
There is nothing to complain about the system.
If you had PC for four years I can almost gaurentee that something would of gone wrong by now, maybe even forcing you to replace your entire computer.
The price is 200 dollars down.
DO NOT BUY GATEWAY COMPUTERS THEY ARE JUNK AND THE WARRANTY COMPANY IS HORRIBLE.
One bad thing is it gets hot.
Purchased as a gift for a friend.
And the warranty on this macbook pro can last up to 5 years or 1000 battery recharge cycles.
I'm going to try and keep my old G4 on the road for as long as possible.
When I called Sony the Customer Service was Great.
Unless you want to be inconvenienced with a non working power supply which you can't find a replacement for because they made the attachment so small.
I would recommend this product.
And the fact that it comes with an i5 processor definitely speeds things up
Better stick with another brand.
I was originally concerned that I couldn't view work I had done in college on my Mac because of the PC formatting, but I was even more thrilled to learn of programs like iLife and iWork that allow you to convert your PC documents into readable files on Macs.
  This computer literally takes about five minutes to start up and to be able to use without it crawling and I DO mean crawling.
This is the first Apple product that I have purchased.
Though you get a polite person, you often don t get a solution.
this is my second one and the same problem, bad video card  unreliable overall, this will be my second time returning this laptop back to best buy.
It's also very pricey but you just have to tell yourself it's an investment and that it's gonna last you a long time.
The only downfall is the battery only last 1.5-2.0 hrs when not plugged in.
Did not enjoy the new Windows 8 and touchscreen functions.
Very disappointed!
If what you need is a machine to do some surfing, email checking, word processing, and watching a movie or two, this is the machine you want.
this one, in my opinion, might be a lemon!
This machine delivers.
I ve had several calls lasting more than an hour with promises to call back, but the return calls never came.
The battery life is also relatively good.
Lastly, Windows 8 is annoying.
In those three years, I've had a couple of minor problems and both were resolved by Apple quickly and easily.
My bag just got a little lighter.
So noise is reduced at least 50% and the heat is much better, now it doesn't feel hot but warm.
Not even safe mode boots.
The old unibody macbook pro could fry an egg after a while.
apple is one of the best computer companies in the country.
GET THIS COMPUTER FOR PORTABILITY AND FAST PROCESSING!!!
I bought a cordless mouse for it, but don't always take it out;
This is an over-sized, 18-inch laptop.
As with any laptop not purchased with software options, it comes with a lot of what I consider useless applications.
So far, so good.
A *big* upgrade from my 13" 2006 macbook.
This thing is awesome, everything always works, everything is always easy to set up, everything is compatible, its literally everything I could ask for.
If you find yourself in the market for a new laptop (and have the money) don't exclude looking at the MBPs.
Take the simple, easy solution to your computer problems and stop waiting and smacking your old computer around.
Mine came at $1,700 w/o a DVD burner (!).
First, you ll discover that the word processing program known as  Appleworks  rarely translates perfectly on anyone else s computer, if it translates at all.
Lord HAVE MERCY!
I finally own a piece of computing equipment that I don't want to take a baseball bat and destroy.
  since then i have had minor problems with slow operation.
The computer first started malfunctioning 3 months after purchasing it.
Just what the doctor ordered.
All the problems I have had with PC's are solved with a Mac: the issue of overheating-my Dell was always overheating and not working properly or simply shutting off, and the issue of viruses and contaminants-my HP completely quit working within2 years of purchasing it, with no inexpensive way of fixing it.
Not too much "junk" software to remove.
This computer is also awesome for my sons virtual home schooling.
The layout of the MacBook is horrible and confusing;
I could save ten essay papers and have hardly any memory left.
The netbook is easier for me to take to bed and carry around with me.
I already own an iPhone, and so the move just made more sense.
it's just a great toy to have around.
We upgraded the memory to four gigabytes in order to take advantage of the performace increase in speed.
The paint wears off easily due to the keyboard being farther back than usual.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
It was super easy to set up and Is really easy to get used to.
However, it did not have any scratches, ZERO battery cycle count (pretty surprised), and all the hardware seemed to be working perfectly.
It took so much time.
Bought with a credit card.
I would never buy a Dell again.
Hewlett Packard HP Pavillion DV6000 Laptop is the worst laptop we have ever bought.
The gray color was a good choice.
     First it burned or fused the power adapter plug.
I just love my Mac!
That's the downside for me.
I'm excited to learn more about what this powerful machine has to offer and encourage others to do the same.
with the switch being at the top you need to memorize the key combination rather than just flicking a switch.
I had my computer custom built from Sonystyle.com.
Sure hope Best Buy will replace it asap.
)only to get another "HP/Compaq" piece of crap.
That is pretty sad when they name them specifically.
I saved for this laptop for 3 months and I can tell you personally it was worth the wait.
Its everything mac offers.
All the above aside this machine ROCKS!
Still not bad for 220.00.
Other than that I don't have one complaint in the world!
Nothing about it that i don't love, apple always makes a great product.
I love it - never had a computer I was so impressed with - and I've had a lot of laptops and desktops - this one is FAR AND ABOVE THE BEST ONE I EVER HAD BEFORE.
Mac tutorials do help.
They are by far the easiest systems to actually learn about computers with.
I love the form factor.
With the needs of a professional photographer I generally need to keep up with the best specs.
That system is fixed.
It was a huge monstrosity of a Laptop!
A couple things you should know:
But I don't see it as a problem.
) And printing from either word processor is an adventure.
of course my warranty runs out next month.
I can actually get work done with this MAC, and not fight with it like my tired old PC laptop.
I'm already hooked on the sleek look and dependability that this laptop has shown.
And it's so quiet that I don't hear it at all.
But after using it a couple of weeks, the overall operation is poor.
THIS LAPTOP WAS BAD FROM THE FIRST DAY OF USE----BROUGHT IT BACK TO STORE FOR RETURN OF MONEY.
We don't Mind and You don't Matter.
It's light and easy to transport.
You can call HP and they want you to buy more software to fix it.
I had upgraded my old MacBook to Lion, so I kind of knew what I was getting, but hadn't been able to enjoy some of the awesome new multi-touch features.
Second HDD cover has walls inside that need to be broken if you what to install one.
They're absolutely useless, unless you count the joy of releasing anger while smashing into little peices against the wall.
Mac also has many apps and programs that are quite cheap or free.
It had a cooling system malfunction after 10 minutes of general use, and would not move past this error.
With Windows laptops a wireless mouse is an absolute must.
I bought it during the recent Comex IT show.
Another thing I might add is the battery life is excellent.
It takes me approximately 3 tries to get to each site, then after closing the browser and reopening it it actually works.
When my Dell laptop gave up only after 2 1/2 years, I decided to buy MacBook Pro.
pretty much everything else about the computer is good it just stops working out of no were.
the apple pro notebook will not let you down.
3D rendering slows it down considerably.
Then to make matters worst, there is noone that they can transfer you to.
It will make life so much easier next semester, just wish I had it last semester!!
Amazing product as you would expect from Apple.
I'm glad I bought this laptop, it was worth the few ($100) extra dollars.
It took several weeks just to get them to acknowledge that I owned the warranty.
The magnetic plug-in power charging power cord is great (I even put it to the test by accident)- excellent innovation!
It is very durable, I am pretty rough when it comes to electronics and it has taken it all with no reprecutions yet.
I got the blue screen of death the first month I got it.
The problem I had with this unit was unresolvable.
The difference is phenomenal.
The aluminum body sure makes it stand out.
This computer had exactly the specifications I needed.
I was happy with My purchase of a Toshiba Satellite L305D-S5934 laptop until it came time to have it repaired under the Toshiba Warranty.
With today's company fighting over marketshare, its a shame that ASUS can get away with the inept staff answering thephone.
If so, you may be having similar problems.
It has spent more time in repair shops than i can possibly recount here.
The price and features more than met my needs.
Asked the customer service rep.
It's more expensive but well worth it in the long run.
Emachines says they're waiting for a part and refuses to replace entire unit.
I took it back for a full refund.
There is hardly any memory on the computer's hard drive.
THEN, one month after the warranty expired, the replacement charger went.
My real problem with it? The statement of 7 hour battery life is not just mere exaggeration -- it's a lie.
I would never tell anyone to buy one either.
No temporary replacement, they are out of replacements because "many computers had problems with the Nvidia chipset"-Inquired status of repair.
The people are frustrating to work with, the product itself is very cheaply made, and the accessories are less than satisfactory.
I went to Toshiba online help and found some suggestions to fix it.
I'd recommend this laptop to anyone!
I have to keep turning it until it decides to lower and there is no mute.
Every time I log into the system after a few hours, there is this endlessly frustrating process that I have to go through.
  Remember to do your research first before consider buying a toshiba product.
Does exactly what I bought it 4.
It came alot faster than I thought it would have which was really exciting.
When it broke I wanted another Acer and chose the V5.
The book is useless.
however, they were kind enough to send a replacement free of charge.
Needless to say I told them No and have a nice day and hung up!
Just be careful; you always have to give up some good stuff for others.
  The only thing I can imagine is that Sony jumped on early specifications for Vista requirements from Microsoft and designed it to those inadequate requirements.
ASUS has done an outstanding job of evolving their netbooks, and I would recommend this to anyone who both understands their needs and how netbooks can fit them.
2nd Mac book I have purchased from MacConnection.
I never tried any external mics with that iMac.
There are several programs for school or office use (Pages, Numbers, Keynote, etc.), music (Garageband), photo management (Photo Booth, iPhoto), video-editing or movie-making (iMovie), etc.
But we had paid for bluetooth, and there was none.
You won't be disappointed.
We paid for the three year warranty and the extended warranty after that one ended as well.
I would recommend not buying this product.
They sent it back with a huge crack in it and it still didn't work.
Being a PC user for many years to switch to a Mac I will not go back.
Very light and easily maneuverable.
I brought this laptop last friday, and originally it worked fantastic.
It's a decent computer for the price and hopefully it will last a long time.
Perfect for all my graphic design classes I'm taking this year in college :-)
A tip for people looking into this computer: DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last.
Got this Mac Mini with OS X Mountain Lion for my wife.
But, at the same time they (the company) would not and could not do anything about my problem.
  I have had no luck with staples or HP to resolve this problem.
I am now making a point to avoid their products and I hope my experience can serve as a warning to you as well.
The OS is fast and fluid, everything is organized and it's just beautiful.
The MacBook Pro is very sturdy and versatile.
Received all four in good order;
It weighed like seven pounds or something like that.
The performance is awesome.
Maybe it's Acer, maybe it's MSFT.
I now realize that my $900 would have been better spent on a Windows laptop.
i can use it for all of my needs.
My children won't even use it  for their school work.
There was a little difficulty doing the migration as the firewire cable system can't be used with the iBook.
The guy then said that if I insist on having the hinge tightened, they can do it for me but I have to accept the condition after the "repair".
I bought a Logitech desktop set in anticipation for using with the MBP, but I use the touchpad 90% of the time.
Mac computers automatically "defrag" each time you start your computer.
I was looking for something in between a regular laptop and a tablet and this is it.
It still works and it's extremely user friendly, so I would recommend it for new computer user and also for those who are just looking for a more efficient way to do things
I know that everyone thinks Macs are overpriced and overrated, but once you get past the initial expense you'll find that they're worth every penny (besides, there's always the financing plan that Best Buy offers).
My husband uses it mostly for games, email and music.
We were PC users.
I paid about 18000 for this laptop because of all the bells and whistles and it kept crapping out on me.
after much effort and 10 days ASUS replaced itThe WiFi is very weak.
It is, however, very heavy.
Never been happier using  computer.
Its good for playing my apps on Facebook or watching movies.
(but Office can be purchased) IF I ever need a laptop again I am for sure purchasing another Toshiba!!
The only drawback for me is how dirty the screen gets, and rather quickly too.
Not to mention sometimes the whole charger unit will decide not to work entirely.
10/10 five stars would recommend.
I contacted Acer and they are giving me FREE recovery DVDs, so don't go and pay for them, just ask for them and they should give them to you.
I mainly use it for email, internet, and managing personal files (pics, vids, etc.).
What's really great about this product is you may have a family member who is computer illiterate and you can pretty much just let them loose on this computer without any real supervision.
Even set at the highest level, the computer sacrifices its  queen every time.
Besides the great look, it is a great machine.
Unfortunately, Apple's quality has continued to slide.
I can't say enough good for it!
They don't seem to be susceptible to viruses, which is one less big thing to worry about when it comes to computers.
Not to mention, the battery life is absolutely amazing.
I hope this review helps.
YOU PAY FOR WHAT YOU GET FOR.
The applications are also very easy to find and maneuver, much easier than any other computer I have ever owned.
They said that my computer was covered on an extended warranty, and that products with  extended warranties are taken care of through third parties and not Sony itself anymore.
However, you have to adjust yourself to what it will do, not what you want it to do.
Sure it's not light and slim but the features make up for it 100%.
Once again apple stands alone at the top of the charts.
I was sorly disapointed to discover that HP (what I thought was a reputable company) wouldn't honor the warrenty when the fan blade fell apart.
this laptop is great for work and doing my pictures.
The materials that came with the computer did not include the right # anywhere.
My favorite part of this computer is that it has a vga port so I can connect it to a bigger screen.
The most recent being that my Safari internet browser is freaking out on me, but I have just been using firefox instead.
All I can say is I am impressed.
Yes, that's a good thing, but it's made from aluminum that scratches easily.
It is quiet and a real joy to watch work.
To those thinking about switching, do it and do not look back!
Laptop is to be used like a Netbook.
I have been very pleased with the performance of this laptop.
I was taught to use Photoshop and was amazed.
For those that care about noise this thing doesn't really make any;
compresses itself and you can't use it.
I thought it would be a simple job.
so the fact that the computer does not work on the 24 twenty fourth day is my fault.
$999.00 Tax free.
While there are occasions that my computer will freeze or will need to be manually shut down, this occurs far less frequently than on PC computers and laptops that I've used.
*4 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Annoyed at MacHouse Amsterdam, decided to send complaint email to Apple.
So this is very good commputer and i highly suggest it.
This computer is exceptionally thin for it's screen size and processing power.
I like the brightness and adjustments.
The computer loads in about a 1/10th of the time that my PC did, and I have all of the programs that were on my PC.
It took a little over 2 weeks until i got it back.
The only thing i can say is that the touch pad doesnt work like it should all the time.
Do not purchase this laptop.
In early May I got it back and this time I only had it back for 1 day before it had a NEW issue so it was sent back in for the 6th time they "expedited" the repairs so I was only supposed to have to be without it for 3 days and it was supposed to be fixed, by a "Senior Tech".
Good luck.
After using it for over a month, an issue started to surface.
You just cannot beat the functionality of an Apple device.
It had most of the features and all of the power that I wanted to replace my desktop machine.
What can I say.
The RAM memory is good but should have splurged for 8Mb instead of 4Mb.
Windows XP SP2 caused many problems on the computer, so I had to remove it.
User friendly, fast and high tech  It is amazing!
seriously why haven't they just replaced it by now.
Overall, it's ok.
The keyboard has a wonderful nature feel.
  Only a few days after I received the computer back, the screen froze again.
I use my friends and family's $2000 laptops and they are fast and reliable and HP, well, I'll never buy or recommend an HP to anyone!
I use this for my tutoring business, and since I'm always bouncing from student to student, it is ideal for portability and battery life (yes, it gets the 8 hours as advertised!).
-Called MacHouse Amsterdam to ask for a temporary replacement, no answer.
The laptop was returned but audio issue was not fixed.
Summary: HP knew they were shipping out bad BIOS and did nothing proactive to resolve it.
WiFi capability, disk drive and multiple USB ports to connect scale and printers was all that was required.
The fact that you can spend over $100 on just a webcam underscores the value of this machine.
The Windows 7 Starter is, in my opinion, a great way to think about using your netbook: basics, basics, basics.
See when it comes to laptops you buy it and get just a normal operating system with trials of must need stuff that should come with it.
It was heavy,bulky, and hard to carry because of the size.
defective software.
It's now all commodity hardware.
Since the machine's slim profile is critical to me, that was a problem.
and dell and best buy both refused to take it back after i only had it for 1 hour....
So, I went back.
Came fully loaded - good.
  Again I sent it back and they replaced the motherboard and some fan inside.
  The hard drive crashed as well, and I had to buy a new  power cord.
very convenient when you travel and the battery life is excellent...
">  iPhoto is probably the best program I have ever worked with: easy and convenient.
If you have much higher expectations than that... I would look elsewhere.
I eventually did the migration from my iMac backup disc which uses USB.
So far, I have no complaints.
Also, you won't have to worry about them going onlne a getting a virus.
Anyway, in early July of this year, the DVD burner stopped working, and the computer stared having issues with power supply.
It just works flawlessly!
My Toshiba did not have sound on everything, just certain things.
Obviously one of the most important features of any computer is the "human interface.
It doesnt work worth a damn.
I took 3-4 years researching brands and prices of laptops.
I am ADDICTED to photo booth!
no complaints with their desktop, and maybe because it just sits on your desktop, and you don't carry it around, which could jar the hard drive, or the motherboard.
I bought this one for my 11 year old and the MacBook Air for my 9 year old.
The display is beyond horrible.
It is VERY easy to type on and feels great - besides the added feature that the keyboard is lighted.
it is of high quality, has a killer GUI, is extremely stable, is highly expandable, is bundled with lots of very good applications, is easy to use, and is absolutely gorgeous.
The programs that come standard with the Leopard running system are enough for the average person to run all the basics.
Very very disappointed!
The pro is a great product, I wish that the 13 inch models came with the Intel i processors and had a more comfortable edge (the edges hurt my wrists).
This was an update from an early MacBook Pro.
One drawback, I wish the keys were backlit.
MS Office 2011 for Mac is wonderful, well worth it.
The graphics are stunning.
It absolutely is more expensive than most PC laptops, but the ease of use, security, and minimal problems that have arisen make it well worth the pricetag.
The graphics are great.
The exterior is absolutely gorgeous.
There has been no problem with anything.
Runs Hot  I thought we were paying for quality in our decision to buy an Apple product.
The troubleshooting said it was the AC adaptor so we ordered a new one.
while the keyboard itself is alright, the plate around it is cheap plastic and makes a hollow sound when using the mouse command buttons.
But with this laptop, the bass is very weak and the sound comes out sounding tinny.
Although I opted for the lowest end MacBook Pro, this thing holds its own.
the only down fall is that it has no cd drive but i found that they are very cheap to by and also very portable making this the best friend to someone who is always looking for more space then they have.
It did not have all the features I expected it to have.
With what I do know how to do, the computer works beautiful.
Another included program that is laughable is the chess game.
Second, it gets scratches easily and when it gets old some thing may operated
This flaw unfortunately detracts from everything else Apple got right with the Mini.
At first, the computer seemed a great deal--seemingly high-end specs for a low, low price.
The body is a bit cheaply made so it will be interesting to see how long it holds up.
It freezes, and it always shows that there is an error, so I have to restart it a few times every time I use it.
i love ths notebook.
I had my PC laptop for 3 years and going to a MacBook Pro is like I leaped through time.
I would like to have volume buttons rather than the adjustment that is on the front.
When i finally held it in my hands i kissed it, yes i did.
The MAC Mini, wireless keyboard / mouse and a HDMI cable is all I need to get some real work done.
I had left my regular laptop at home and needed something to use while out of town .
This computer was so challenging to carry and handle.
It's annoying very much and I won't ever buy any Acer products.
It made the computer much easier to use and navigate.
Another Great thing is the Beast graphics.
I got a mac as my HS graduation gift.
The only thing that isn't perfect about this netbook is the speakers, they are not loud at all but I expected that.
Moral of the story:-Do not buy anything from companies that do not respect their customers.
With what I paid for this computer it should have had everything on it.
I also purchased iWork to go with it which has programs for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations (similar to Microsoft Office).
The other day I had a presentation to do for a seminar at a large conference in town- lots of people, little time to prep and have to set up a computer to a projector, etc.
On the twelfth day that I had the notebook, I decided to go to Dell's website and update it.
The graphics were awful and the warranty isn't even worth the cheap payment on the computer.
I can do pretty much 75% of what I do on my desktop on my kitchen table.
It is not an easy decision to purchase a used or even good as new laptop but I am very satisfied.
I like coming back to Mac OS but this laptop is lacking in speaker quality compared to my $400  old HP laptop.
The screen is nice, side view angles are pretty good.
I BOUGHT THEM FOR MY COLLEGE AGE GRANDCHILDREN AND THESE MACS ARE TOTALLY RELIABLE AND SUPPORT THEIR CLASS WORK 100% OF THE TIME.
Took that one home, same thing.
Fan only comes on when you are playing a game.
Took it back as it was defective.
I have had my MacBook for almost 6 months and can honestly say that I will NEVER buy another computer if it is not a Mac.
The mousepad is a huge pain in the arse!
It is easy to navigate and update programs.
Returned laptop for repair a 2nd time and it came back with obvious physical damage (keyboard bulging and speaker grill pressed in), buttons not working and USB ports inoperative.
The computer would not ever cut back on.
  The second issue I had with it occured a month later and it kept overheating, even if on for less than an hour!
I love how easy every thing is to do on my Apple products.
Dells are ok, HPs aren't that good, but Macs or Fantastic.
I will not be using that slot again.
Great OS, fabulous improvements to the existing line bumping up the processor speed and adding the thunderbolt port.
He's thrilled with his new laptop.
The big screen allows you to enjoy watching movies , pictures and etc!
I swear they design these things to go to crap after a year so you are stuck and have to buy a new one.
Put a cover on it and is a little better but that is my only complaint.
It wakes in less than a second when I open the lid.
That includes transferring my music and movies.
It has a .1 ghz faster processor and a stock 500gb hard drive.
I know there are way better laptops out there for the same price, and why spend money on shit when you can go out and get yourself a perfectly decent laptop that doesnt suck total monkey balls.
It bluescreened on me without any warning, running simply basic Chrome.
I had to install Mountain Lion and it took a good two hours.
previous laptops were pc's, still have them, but the mac osx is a clean and smooth operating system.
In short, you could say your mac could become your best friend (no intention of replacing Rover your dog).
  His language was so bad I swore I was taking the turing test, and it was failing.
-Touchpad will take a bit of time to get used to.
i spent eight hundred dollars from a giant paper weight that looks good on a bus.
My kids (and dogs) destroyed two power cords by pulling on them.
It was a laugh  too!
I like iTunes, the apparent security, the Mini form factor, all the nice graphics stuff.
And windows 7 works like a charm.
It's a nice little gadget.
Couldn't keep a page up you were working on!
and the speakers is the worst ever.
I paid about the same for my Toshiba as I did for the compaq a few years back.
breaks easily.
You will need them if you want to reload the OS (I recommend doing if you can to start fresh and optimal).
Many thanks, Overstock.com.
If I have a problem with any of my apple items I make an appointment at one of my local stores and they work on correcting it right there.
That's a huge difference.
  Sometimes the screen even goes black on this computer.
My one complaint is that there was no internal CD drive.
HP Pavilion DV9000 Notebook PC      When I first got this computer, it really rocked.
The price is higher than most lab top out there; however, he/she will get what they paid for, which is a great computer.
The only issue came when I tried scanning to the mac.
I cannot be happier with the service or product.
The screen isn't huge, but that doesn't matter when I output media to the 50 inch LCD TV.
After 2 months of complaints, Asus finally sent the right power supply to my techies.
It is by far one of the greatest investments I have ever made.
  The company sent me a whole new cord overnight and apologized.
I will only buy apple laptops from now on.
By the way teachers, they offer a discount which helps!
I fine Apple MC373LL/A 2.66GHz 15" Macboook Pro Notebook meets all my needs for a laptop computer when on the go.
The only thing is that the battery won't last more than 1/2 an hour.
Nothing wrong with this computer at all!
3) Horrible customer support
So it was only about 2 weeks ago.
I personally like the gaming look but needed a machine that delivered gaming performance while still looking professional in front of my customers.
Seems to me that's the best way to get Apple's attention.
  English must have been his third or fourth language.
But my blog is read by my friends and search engine visitors.
do not buy you will be disappointed.
Mom, Dad, Brother, sister, You name it!
It was kind of a rebellion against PC in fact, and I am certainly glad I did.
No Viruses!
The "Time remaining" goes from 4 hours plus to less than 2 hours over the span of about 10 minutes.
I love it and the change in lifestyle that came with it.
I go to purchase it on line, and I find out that the device will not be available until almost two months later!
Ease of use is just one of the benefits I love about my Mac.
I've never had problems with viruses.
After doing CAD work all day at work, using a higher end PC, I couldn't come home and settle for the use of a lower end computer.
Apple did a great job.
When I got the computer back and realizwed it still was not correct HP told me it was out of warranty and now it was my problem.
I think just going from PC to Mac has gotten me totally spoiled and I can't imagine ever going back.
Just a black screen!
Great wifi too.
I have had it for almost four years now and I have only had a few problems with it.
Not good for a person who gets online daily.
might have to buy one for me now, since I use it all the time.
 THE MOTHERBOARD IS DEAD !
It is easy to use, good quality and good price.
 A MONTH LATER, we reinstall the OS (Vista).
It is held in place magnetically.
I was very worried about making the two compatible- but literally, it was so simple I was almost worried that I was doing something wrong.
They are closed at 9pm eastern.
The notebook is lacking a HDMI port and a S-video port that would enable one to hook it to a TV.
It is easy to use, has great screen quality, and every so light weight.
Most of my papers could not be saved and when they could be, half the time, the papers were then erased.
I like the lighted screen at night.
It also came with a built it web cam which is great because I can see an communicate with my family members back home.
It's priced very reasonable and works very well right out of the box.
This is a great value for the money.
Or the cursor would show up some place else.
" For one, I noticed that from turning on my mac to logging on only took about 25 seconds.
Keys stick periodically and I havent had the laptop for 45 days yet.
Before I got my macbook, I owned a Dell laptop.
I also made a recovery USB stick.
User upgradeable RAM and HDD.
Trashed it when I spilled a latte on it while writing at a cafe.
The machine is used, but is like new, i'm very impress.
Once you go Mac, you can't go back!
But, Mac makes the switch from PC to Mac easy.
This computer is absolutely AMAZING!!!
  Toshiba customer services will indirectly deal with your problems by constantly tranferring you from one country to another, and I am not kidding you, I called different hours of the day and you'll get someone else from another country trying to get you to tell them your life story all over again, since they make it sound like they don't have your history list of your calls right in front of them.
mac is extremely different than any other laptop.
pros:  the macbook pro notebook has a large battery life and you wont have to worry to charge your laptop every five hours or so.
Cords coming out the right for power plus cords coming out front for headphones/mic plus network connection on left make for a very messy setup with cords going every direction.
They don't crash.
Asus facial recognition doesn't work and windows logon isn't either.
The speed, the simplicity, the design.. it is lightyears ahead of any PC I have ever owned.
Finally, I purchased a Toshiba.
This system came loaded with Windows 7 Starter.
You can do it all on this bad boy but the main thing this netbook was desinged for was surfing the web and boy o boy does it ever.
Both my husband and I have this model Toshiba.
Connecting to my wireless router via built-in wireless took no time at all.
It has happened again and I'm being told that it's $175.
It would be a load on long trips where a lot of walking is required.
Pairing it with an iPhone is a pure pleasure - talk about painless syncing - used to take me forever - now it's a snap.
HAVING HAD EXPERIENCE WITH A TOSHIBA LAPTOP, I WAS DISAPPOINTED TO FIND THAT THE TOSHIBA NB305 LAPTOP HAS MAJOR PROBLEMS.
I spent alot of money on this product and its been a nightmare.
Your cursor will end up all over the freaking place,,,it's not uncommon for me to accidentally delete words, sentences, paragraphs because of this mousepad.
The internet was locekd and froze every time it was trying to be used, and the command prompt would not work at all.
I expected so as it's an Apple product, but I was glad to see my expectations exceeded, this is THE laptop to buy right now.
I especially appreciate the fact that it has almost zero viruses and spyware problems!
I took it in to the Apple store and guess what? They fixed it, no cost out of pocket.
MAYBE The Mac OS improvement were not The product they Want to offer.
I love the easy to see screen, and It works well for work, persoal or just play.
Some problems can be fixed if you purchase new software, but there is no guarentee.
This is a great laptop and I would recommend it to anyone.
She brought out 2 other identical netbooks and still insist that "It is like that one".
I had the same reasons as most PC users: the price, the overbearing restrictions of OSX and lack of support for games.
It is small enough to fit in one of my purses!
I shopped around before buying.
Good keyboard, long battery life, largest hard drive and windows 7.
Everything about the Mac is not only visually appealing, but very easy to use.
The screen is gorgeous - yummy good.
It is a bit heavy.
I'm really impressed with the quality and performance for the price of the computer.
There is no need to purchase virus protection for Mac, which saves me a lot of time and money.
The smaller size was a bonus because of space restrictions.
Overall, this is a wonderful computer and definitly worth the purchase!
I tell everyone I see out looking to get this or another Toshiba.
My last laptop gave me a constant battle even though it was also completely new.
It is also extremely pleasing to the eyes without looking too much like an Alienware gaming machine.
Battery is not upgradable to a longer life battery.
The laptop is gorgeous.
They were totally unconcerned that the computer was not correctly repaired in the first place.
It works fine with our wireless and they've had not problems.
We were occasional Mac users before, but most recently owned a budget PC since it is what we could afford.
I WANT MY L505-s5988 BACK!
tons of bloatware and junk programs.
So what am I supposed to do?  The LG service center cannot provide me the "service" when it is called the "service center".
The Dell mini was the first Dell product that I had ever purchased.
I like the design and its features but there are somethings I think needs to be improved.
Very Very Highly Recommended.
I can't say enough of how satisfied I am with their product and help aftermarket.
But reasons we chose this Apple computer.
I was having a though time deciding between the 13" MacBook Air or the MacBook Pro 13" (Both baseline models, priced at 1,200 $ retail)
Have used only Macs for years.
The acer one compuer is a great computer.
So this was great for me.
  I am stuck with a laptop that I cannot do very much with.
Navigation through the computer is far superior compared to Windows operating systems, as well.
Do yourself a favor and invest in a few external harddrives if you are planning on purchasing this laptop.
No Cd Rom in the new version there's no way I'm spending that kind of money on something has less features than the older version.
The battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.
How Toshiba handles the repair seems to vary, some folks  indicate that they were charged for even an intial fix, others had the  repair done 5 times.
  This time the mouse pad and right click key wouldn't work!
I would definitely recommend checking out this laptop if you are in the market for one.
I BOUGHT THIS LAP TOP AND THE CHARGE TIME DOSEN'T LAST AS LONG AS THEY SAY IT WILL MORE LIKE 2 HOURS
It is very slim, the track pad is very much impressed with me.
No big deal.
for being so small it is amazing that it is as fast as it is.
Avoid this model.
I'm hoping the rest of the features will be the signature quality of apple.
The cool thing about this is anyone can use it.
It is fast and easy to use.
Otherwise, I love it!
When I turned it on, nothing.
Everything from the design to the OS is simple and to the point.
Best Buy laughed when I told them they should replace it instead of expecting me to be without a computer again for another couple of weeks.
Numerous problems over the next 3 weeks until I got the blue screen of death and had to send the PC back to HP.
I bought mine from Apple Store the day it was released as Amazon didn't have it yet.
It caught a virus that completely wiped out my hard drive in a matter of hours.
returned it.
Still under warrenty so called Toshiba, no help at all.
Of course, I inspected the other netbooks and clearly their hinges are tighter and I even demonstrate the difference between my netbook and others.
I loved the netbook (minus the fact that it was windows OS) until this started happening.
The sound was crappy even when you turn up the volume still the same results.
Two times with in one month.
Honestly, I am surprised no one else has mentioned returning theirs.
I bought this eMachines Notebook PC in January of this year and I am highly dissatisfied with it.
Sure, the initial out of pocket expense is greater, but that should not dissuade anyone from the fact that these machines run like none other on the planet, and when I factor in all the money in that I wasted on Geek Squad and the latest patches to de-corrupt my infested PCs, it probably comes out about even anyhow.
If that is the case for you, I would suggest a pull-behind solution when looking at cases.
I am a full Mac convert now.
The feel of this machine compared to the old MacBook is far superior.
What angers me more than anything else is that I spent all those years hating MACs when I could have been getting a lot more production with a whole lot less grief!
I am please with the products ease of use; out of the box ready; appearance and functionality.
At first, I feel a little bit uncomfortable in using the Mac system.
Probably as good as you can get in a netbook, does everything I ask for and has some very good unexpected pluses.
-Called headquarters again, they report that TFT panel is broken, should be fixed by the end of the week (week 3).
It's perfect for everything and runs faster than an average pc!
Needs constant repair.
The Mac takes about the same amount of starting-up time as the average PC, but keeps itself cleaned up and ready to use.
Called Acer many times, they want me to pay the shipping to ship it to their repair center - I was very disappointed since it is a brand new computer!
I took off a star because the machine has a lot of junk software on it.
I am not much of a computer techie, so I can understand some of the internal problems, though I do have trend micro as an antiviral program.
If the number of patrons in the Apple store are any indication, HP and other PC manufacturers need to take note.
  Before we got this laptop, had a compaq pasaro for 5 years with no problems.
I would easly reccomend this laptop to a friend.
This was the 3rd day and part still had not been shipped.
It has been plagued with problems since the day i turned it on.
After paying several hundred dollars for this service, it is frustrating that you cannot get help after hours.
I love the 15" MacBook Pro.
It is super fast, and always loads.
Don't waste their money, save it and but a mac.
No HDMI port.
THE CUSTOMER SERVICE IS TERRIFIC!!
Best commuter I have ever owned.
Yes, he is a self professed "Mac snob.
Good computer and fast.
Took me 11 hours, 3 trips to different FedEx offices, and brutal conversations with 14 of the worse IT support technicians in the world.
Now mainboard is broken, have to wait for a new one.
I regret buying it before understanding how awful it is to use.
It was old but it was not till we bought the Dell did we realize how great it was.
I bought this laptop because of the performance to price ratio.
I own a Hewlett Packard laptop and I've had man problems with it since I bought in in Feb, 201
super fast processor and really nice graphics card..
The technical support was not helpful as well.
I love it and will probably get another one when this goes to the Laptop in the sky!!
  We have had numerous problems with Vista, such as Adobe Flash player just quits and has to be uninstalled and then reinsalled, Internet Explore just quits and you lose whatever you were working on, also, the same Windows update has appeared on this computer since we got it and has been updated probably 400 times, the same update.
I'm the pro-active type so I went off and did some preventative fixes.
I love its solid build, light wt and excellent battery life (for now).
The battery lasts as advertised (give or take 15-20 minutes), and the entire user experience is very elegant.
I still have that stupid bluetooth mouse to!
Seems like maybe a bad shipment from Toshiba.
There is NO way I will buy a LG product in the future.
But let me tell you, the mac book pro is so professional.
I'm just really happy that I waited to buy, because this thing kicks a$$!
It was a total Dhell experience that I will never repeat.
I'm Not exagerating when I say this computer is perfect..i It is!!
It can't get any better.
Overall it's an amazing product, 5 stars!
The only downfall is the volume control.
Shiny  This Laptop is the Best of the best!
I just recently had to ship my laptop back to HP for repair.
  I don't like this company nor the toshiba brand, and I'll never  buy another one because I've put more into it then it is worth.
The little battery that it did have would only last about an hour while just having it on the desktop.
So think about factoring those things in when you purchase.
This worked just fine.
Its size is ideal and the weight is acceptable.
My Mac has gone from being a trusted friend to an adversary.
  Until I bought the Dell, I thought you just looked for what you wanted (size, software, options, hardware) and purchase the best deal you could find.
Whenever I call Dell about an unrelated problem, they ask me if my laptop is running slowly and if I'd like to purchase more memory for $75.
The macbooks are small enough to be very portable yet hold tons of information and performance.
It is absolutely horrible to use, despite all its so called advanced features.
Extremely disappointed with the way it is.
Also, the space bar makes a noisy click every time you use it.
The Macbooks worth every penny.
In the three years I've had my MacBook Pro, I have never had a virus on my computer, and I do a lot of work on the internet.
So happy with this purchase, I just wish it came with Microsoft Word.
  Was this product worth my time and money to ever want to purchase another products that is toshiba or relating to toshiba?  Probably not ever again.
The processor screams, and because of the unique way that Apple OSX 16 functions, most of the graphics are routed through the hardware rather than the software.
Thank God for "ctrl Z"Bottom line, I've been using laptops since the mid 90s and probably the majority of brands out there.
The OS takes some getting used to especially after being a Windows user for so long but the learning curve is so worth it!
The battery has never worked well.
 I actually had the hard drive replaced twice, the mother board once, the dvd drive twice, then they FINALLY agreed to replace it, (ALL OF THIS IN LESS THAN 1 1/2 YEARS!
I love it and would recommend it to everyone who is tired of the constant attention PC's require.
Why not 5 stars?
From the moment I opened the box to the present it has been a great joy.
Oh yeah, don't forget the expensive shipping to and from HP.
Do I like the computer? Well, other than not getting viruses, I guess it is OK.
it cant fuction well with lots of webpages open at once.
It is speedy when connected wirelessly to any network regardless if the connection is weak or not.
The first programm I switched on was a game for my children.
The leather carrying case, keyboard and mouse arrived in two days from Memphis warehouse.
NO good.
The speakers on it are useless too.
Quietest laptop I have ever owned.
  It was loaded with Windows Vista Home Premium--delivered with only 1GB of RAM, and it was a *dog*.
This is by far thee best, most reliable computer I could find.
I just can't fathom that the celebrated Dell would last a week in environment of free competition with normal products - it only survives b/c its substandard laptops are forced onto captive students and employees through question-raising programs.
At $1899 to start, this is no cheap machine.
still testing the battery life as i thought it would be better, but am very happy with the upgrade.
this computer will last you at least 7 years, thats an amazing life spanned an electronic.
No I am generous calling it slow.
This is something i would deffinately reccomend to someone.
I bought this laptop the moment unibody product came to the market.
it was a tough choice.
Have purchased many products over the years from MacConnection and this transaction, like all the others, we smoothly with no problems.
The only objection I have is that after you buy it the windows 7 system is a starter and charges for the upgrade.
To my mind much more usable than the toy called an IPad.
  They told me it was my loss even though it was the computer, not  what I've done.
The start menu is not the easiest thing to navigate due to the stacking.
I was constantly having to roll back the computer after doing updates.
It is SO much fun to play with.
The screen gets smeary and dusty very quickly and it's very noticeable.
I have recently converted back to a mac and I couldn't be happier!
Not to mention it has shit gigs.
and finally i realized that mac is the best.
it is the worst computer dell ever made.
Let me start off by saying that I was highly reluctant to spend so much money on a laptop.
Hieroglyphics are quite common.
One year of trying to fix the computer by myself, with help of friends, and even help from computer experts I have given up on trying to fix it.
Great product.
This by far beats any computer out on the market today built well, battery life AMAZING.
It works really well.
Applications open in seconds and there are no lags, hiccups or awkward moments when you wonder whether your computer is out for tea.
I have had some excellent computer and have found I had no idea what to do with them
!so nice .. stable .. fast .. now i got my SSD !
If you're looking for something to fly through those massive spreadsheets or play a graphics-intensive game, you'd be better off getting a machine aimed at that segment of the market.
The machine is speedy and efficient.
Would do business again.
Very annoying.
Really like the textured surface which shows no fingerprints.
After purchasing this thing, I find out that I need a special interface device to connect my camera, and that it cannot be purchased at the store - only on line.
Was skeptical about buying an electronic item online but it turned out to be a positive experience.
I am very Happy!
For me, five stars is not enough.
This is still a fairly good upgrade to a laptop that was about 4 years old.
this is quite smooth as well as heavy and can easily slip through the hands.
Perfect trifecta!
Get this instead, you won't be sorry.
The design is awesome, quality is unprecedented.
So this review might be a tad bit bias.
Has a 5-6 hour battery life.
The only thing I wish is the 15 inch MacBook Pro has much better speakers on the side of the keyboard.
This laptop looks great on the surface: 17" inch screen, good  price-point, nice appearance, boots up quickly, runs fast etc.
This laptop is the most amazing little peice of machinery I have owned outside of the Iphone.
All in all, a very disappointing experience except that I learned how good the Geek Squad is and also Customer Service.
I will have to purchase Spy ware or Nortell for privacy protection.
Once I removed all the software the laptop loads in 15-20 seconds.
I am currently out of town and called to inform them the broken part would be returned when I got back in town.
Ok, this is probably the best laptop series ever devised by Apple.
Deal of the year.
return it.
I've had hp desktop for over 4 yrs now and not one days goes by that i don't regret buying it.
This item is a beautiful piece, it works well, it is easy to carry and handle.
I will have to say that I love my MacBook Pro!
Was not happy with one of the programs on it.
The DVD drive randomly pops open when it is in my backpack as well, which is annoying.
It is not ideal for children because of the temp.
its not bad just VERY VERY annoying.
Being a tech savvy, APPLE - product loving person, I'm glad I finally got the MacBook Pro!
In the first moth of owning this computer its hardrive failed which had to be replaced.
Satisfy what I paid for it.
Runs smooth and quick.
The "abuse" is that I pushed the power plug in too hard.
I love the dock where I can simply drop a file ontop of a particular program, and the program will simply open that file.
But for those of you that dont have a mac and are still on the PC's this is a good foot in the door into mac.
  upon giving them the serial number the first thing I was told, was that it was out of warranty and I could pay to have it repaired.
It's face and depanable.
After fumbling around with the OS I started searching the internet for a fix and found a number of forums on fixing the issue.
sometimes you will be moving your finger and the pointer will not even move.
PC users use the Powerpoint program for slide-show presentation and Mac users utilize Keynote.
I love this product because it is Toshiba and its 15.6".
There is a backlit keyboard which is perfect for typing in the dark.
i'm returning mine
After numerous attempts of trying (including setting the clock in BIOS setup directly), I gave up(I am a techie).
The image is great, and the soud is excelent.
  I continued to take the computer in AGAIN and they replaced the hard drive and mother board yet again.
I am replacing the HD with a Micron SSD soon.
but in resume this computer rocks!
However, If I sound enthusiastic about this, I am!
Because he said that the hinge is under the motherboard and they have to dismantle the whole thing before it can be tightened.
Support has been lackluster and now I just want a refund.
Bought this gateway M-50 or 150 early 2007.
I work on a PC at home and have used Pc all through college.
I'm making the switch and finding that my biggest problem is trying to do things the 'old' way - and Apple does, indeed, have the better idea.
The battery life is amazingly long at 7hrs and 5hrs if you use it.
but other then that I would give this product a 4 in hafe stars.
I  asked how they would determine that since there are no scratches, dents  or other signs of damage and was told that was the only way this type of  damage could happen.
All apple associates are always wiling to help you out with anything, no matter when you purchased the computer and how many years passed.
I looked at the computer and it said updating but the asked for a product key.
The programs are great, like iphoto (love the editing capabilities), imail (which can incorporate with the address book on the ipod and ipad), imovie, etc.
i had to return it for a replacement.
If you already own a 2009, 2010, or early 2011 model, you should wait until the next update.
The feature are good enough for what I need.
The next time I had an issue my lightscribe wouldn't work.
I had to adjust my mousepad sensitivity, because it is very sensitive.
The SD card reader is slightly recessed and upside down (the nail slot on the card cannot be accessed), if this was a self ejecting slot this would not be an issue, but its not.
  Now, as easy as it is to use, and I do think it is a great STARTER laptop.
Pretty much made sense to get a Mini.
The Macbook pro's physical form is wonderful.
One more tip, please purchase this model and get a 4GB stick of RAM to save you $10
the mbp i recieved was everything it should have been.
It also comes with 4G of RAM but if you're like me you want to max that out so I immediately put 8G of RAM in her and I've never used a computer that performs better.
10 plus hours of battery...
For the same price, you get a lot more in the Asus....1920x1080 res.
I made a perfect decision when I bought the Toshiba!
They replaced it and so far so good.
However, a NETBOOK will be a different story.
Well, I had completed the presentation in powerpoint the night before on my PC, but took the Apple to the conference.
I am just ONE of the million customers.
Plain and simple, it(laptop) runs great and loads fast.
However, the multi-touch gestures and large tracking area make having an external mouse unnecessary (unless you're gaming).
From the build quality to the performance, everything about it has been sub-par from what I would have expected from Apple.
All you have to do is turn it on and it works.
Called tech support and got the usual Acer "We don't support software but for $$$ we can help you" I explained there was no software involved in booting.
HOW DOES THE POWER SUPPLY NOT WORK!!!
This is the first macbook I have ever had.
And Toshiba is a quality supplier.
I guess he was the technical person.
Back then my entire family was Devoted to the Sony name.
Shipped very quickly and safely.
I also love the design, the looks, the feel, and the my toshiba feature is wonderfull.
3 weeks went by and the computer keeps crashing and will not open any applications.
I am going to go back and return at Store I bought from!
It is so much easier to use
I am forever changed and will no longer buy a Windows based machine for personal use.
I would totally recommend any other laptop over this pile of grabage.
I also wanted Windows 7, which this one has.
All of them were Windows machines.
In addition, all the design tools on Pages and Keynotes makes it much easier to create professional looking documents and presentations.
Theres also iDVD, a program dedicated to putting all your favorite media together- photos, recordings, video projects into one program so that you can create the perfect memoir for your parents, family, siblings, and any other person important in your life that there may be.
It's just what we were looking for and it works great.
Buy it, love it, and I promise you won't regret it.
Even if you don't do business, thats okay, it's incredibly fast.
I would suggest this product to anyone.
I remind myself from time to time to take off my watch when ever I look at the small scratch that it has caused.
  I took the laptop home and not even a month later, I began to have problems with it.
But enough about that, I am an Apple convert for life.
About 2 months ago i bought the 2011 macbook pro, which was an upgrade from my 2010 macbook pro.
This computer is really fast and I'm shocked as to how easy it is to get used to...
I had gotten this model for  $1199.00 on my State's tax-free weekend and had a $100 off coupon for a MacBook at the local BestBuy!
Supplied software: The software that comes with this machine is greatly welcomed compared to what Windows comes with.
I waited and waited and no laptop.
I got the Macbook and he got a Macbook Pro.
The iLife software that comes with the computer is so simple to use and produces a great finished product.
It is her first laptop and she is thrilled.
You will fall in love with it in no time.
Very happy with my 7th Toshiba laptop!
It was important that it was powerful enough to do all of the tasks he needed on the internet, word processing, graphic design and gaming.
I saw the bad reviews from people saying to buy directly from Apple and I was concerned but I took my chances and am overly impressed.
Having heard from friends and family about how reliable a Mac product is, I never expected to have an application crash within the first month, but I did.
Finally, I should note that I took the 2GB RAM stick from my old EeePC and installed it before I even powered on for the first time.
My problem was with DELL Customer Service.
Also is portable and reliable.
Excellent LED monitor and well equipped.
Enjoy using Microsoft Office!
The laptop is outstanding in all aspects except that it has the Windows 7 starter and not the full Windows 7.
Great laptop that offers many great features!
This is why I purchased a BRAND NEW LAPTOP in the first place so it wouldn't have ANY problems.
In November my computer messed up entirely and wouldn't power on after intalling a Windows update, I had to have my HD flashed and lost EVERYTHING on it, including my school assignments and irriplaceable pictures that were only in digital format and several other things, when this update was installed for some reason I was unable to roll back the drivers and everything to an earlier working condition because when the update was installed it deleted my history.
I also love the small, convenient size of my laptop, making it a perfect tool for my academic studies.
Good laptop for the money.
I had my IWORKS, Itunes, Email, MS Office, network and printers set up and completely working perfectly within an hour.
I hate it!
Having USB3 is why I bought this Mini.
My HP is very heavy.
this Mac Mini does not have a built-in mic, and it would seem that its Mac OS 10.9 does not handle external microphones properly.
I also like the acer arcade but these were reallythe only two things I liked about this laptop.
This was purchased for my daughter and I was pleasantly surprised.
Don't get me wrong, I am no Microsoft hater, I've just managed to turn into a much bigger Apple fan because of this machine.
oh yeah, and if the fancy webcam breaks guess who you have to send it to to get it fixed?
Did I mention everything about it, from size to weight to keyboard screams BULK?
I am finding my way around this laptop better than my last one.
I had always used PCs and been constantly frustrated by the crashing and the poorly designed operating systems that were never very intuitive.
Newegg's RMA service was great as always, I contacted them late Friday night, and they issued me an RMA number and a PrePaid UPS shipping label the very next morning on Saturday.
Many of my classmates computers hard drives crashed.
WILL NOT EVERY BUY ANOTHER--------LOU
It's the most wonderful thing in the entire world.
A great feature is the spotlight search: one can search for documents by simply typing a keyword, rather than parsing tens of file folders for a document.
I am still in the process of learning about its features.
The computer will constantly be getting hot and burning your leg unless you go through the hassle of taking off the entire back of it just to clean out the fan.
Even though it is much more expensive than many PC laptops, it is worth the price.
Does a great job with video shot on a Canon 5D MKII.
I have a lapdesk which I can use, but I can still feel the heat through the foam and plastic.
2.The wireless card is low quality.
The majority of the reviews seem to be for the 13.3 MacBook Pro  Model # MD101LL/A.
It works fine, and all the software seems to run pretty well.
I was so excited to get this in the mail i nearly gave myself a heart attack.
Additionally, there is barely a ventilation system in the computer, and even the simple activity of watching videos let alone playing steam games causes the laptop to get very very hot, and in fact impossible to keep on lap.
My computer was one of the best in the school compared to my fellow classmates.
Posted Nov 8, 2010 - Two weeks ago I bought this notebook.
I'm definitely not hard on laptops and guarantee 100% that no liquid has touched this machine in my presence.
In my line of work, I often have to take work home, and this makes it so easy.
Other ports include FireWire 800, Gigabit Ethernet, MagSafe port, Microphone jack.
If you don't like fingerprints, this might not be the laptop for you.
Info: Windows failed to load because the kernal is missing, or corrupt.
This is now my 3rd MacBook Pro and I really honestly love it!
i asked many people, search on the net and also read reviews here in best buy.
We now own two of these, identical.
After that I turned to email in my next vain help to get them to acknowledge that the warranty was still valid.
I 'have had it for about a 1 1/2 and yes I have had an issue with it one month out of warranty.
I guess the only good thing that came out of these were the speakers and the subwoofer.
I believe I purchased this in Dec 09 for my primary work laptop which is used 5-10 hours a day, 4-6 days a week.
do a quick search on the internet see if im the only one.
this is starting off good.
The only thing I didn't learn in my research was the software I would need like privacy protection and warranty protection, in case it gets broken, or crashes etc.
I work as a designer and coder and I needed a new buddy to work with, not gaming.
It is a great computer for that and I have to say I'm happy I switched.
For some odd reasons the computer doesn't reconize the operation system.
And if you are switching from a pc I hilghy sugest this one.
  three years is a decent life, but this must make it to graduation and beyond.
Not too expense and has enough storage for most users and many ports.
All the programs are easy and straight forward on my MacBook Pro, it is clean and organized, which I always strive to be myself.
I had meant to purchase the NB205 and bought this one by accident (long story).
But no one could tell me when my part would be shipped nor could they tell me where to buy it ON THEIR WEBSITE!!!
I have used both PCs and Macs and I have to say that I really really love my Mac Book Pro.
All for such a great price.
There is no cd drive on the computer, which defeats the purpose of keeping files on a cd.
We used PC products - it seemed simpler to continue with the same thing.
Also, in using the built-in camera, my voice recording for my vlog sounds like the interplanetary transmissions in the "Star Wars" saga.
It certainly does, but you rarely hear any of your friends with Mac's complain about anything.
I have been a mac user since the mid 90s.
Further, this Mac Mini has a sloppy Bluetooth interface (courtesy of the Mac OS) and the range is poor.
The Toshiba laptop I am using is easier to use than most I have tried.
I did not take the class and wish that I would have.
Its fast, easy to use and it looks great.
it was shooting sparks!
So I called Compaq, and after being on the phone for 3 hours, i finally got a replacement which I shouldn't have had a problem getting since it was under warranty.
MacBook Notebooks quickly die out because of their short battery life, as well as the many background programs that run without the user's knowlede.
The mouse is a little bit different than what you're used to though- it has one big flat panel and one full bar (instead of two separate ones) to click with- but you get used to it quite quickly.
The only solution is to turn the brightness down, etc.
and plenty of storage with 250 gb(though I will upgrade this and the ram..)
Small screen somewhat limiting but great for travel.
So don't get it.
While we struggle with all the crashes and viruses, the kids computers stay consistent and so we caved in and bought one for buisness!
I love it so much.
This wiped out several programs that were installed on the computer when it was bought.
All was well.
The battery life is amazing, the versitility is outstanding.
  Will probably never buy a HP again.
I can render AVCHD movies with little effort, which was a problem for most pc's unless you had a quad core I7.
I never had this kind of quality issue with Dell (not to say Dell is that great), not with a brand new laptop.
The screen is bright and the keyboard is nice;
I love my Apple, it is quick and easy to use.
Every day I had this computer, something failed on it.
Searched it on amazon and on bestbuy.
The keyboard feels good and I type just fine on it.
I can see why the have soooo much money.
So not having my laptop was discouraging.
It is robust, with a friendly use as all Apple products.
They transfer you around to other people who do not understand what you are saying and you can't understand what they are saying.
I was so excited when my dad said i could get a new laptop for my birthday.
My laptop cost approximately $2,300 and DIED after only 2-years, 10-months and 18-days of use.
I Have a friend who has the other model and we put them side by side with the same dvd in (battle of the Smithsonian) After on Hour mine was at 53% life left and his was at 69% life left.
  The Hewitt Packard Pavillion dv6700 was my first laptop, before this I had a Dell desktop that I loved.
The 17 in Macbook Pro has been a wonderful addition.
EITHER WAY, THE KEYBOARD IS UNSATISFACTORY.
I bought this Mac in order to replace my old Dell laptop.
The new os is great on my macbook pro!
This can be annoying at first but you just have to train yourself not to to start over so far.
I am using the external speaker- sound is good.
It still serves me well both in business and home needs.
But other than that I am blown away by all the features this laptop offers.
I definitely will buy a Mac again if and when this computer ever fails.
My laptop is almost 2yrs old and I have never had any problems with it.
I would rate this computer at 5 stars, but considering it has a short life span I can only give it 1 and implore anyone looking at laptops to stay away from this machine.
The latest and mightiest Macbook pro 17-inch was bought by my university on the 30th of June 2009.
It discharges too quickly.
None of the techs at HP knew what they were doing.
No machine has come remotely close to causing as many problems.
Has all the other features I wanted including a VGA port, HDMI, ethernet and 3 USB ports.
The sound is nice and loud; I don't have any problems with hearing anything.
It is fast and i have not had a problem with internet connection or any other problems.
I also own an HP notebook and it doesn't even come close.
VERY disappointing:
I love this program, it is superior to windows movie maker.
This hardware seems to be better than the iMac in that it isn't $1400 and smaller.
Very long-life battery (up to 10-11 hours depending on how you configure power level settings).
I would recomend this acer to parents and grandparents it can really help them in school.
The Macbook is a fantastic laptop.
I don't have any technical pearls to share.
The battery life is excellent, the display is excellent, and downloading apps is a  breeze.
I was ready to take it back for a refund, but the Geek Squad camed through and pointed me in the right direction to get it fixed.
I bought the netbook because it was smaller and lighter for me to carry around.
I know what 7 hrs of battery looks like.
I purchased a MacBook Pro and this to replace a couple of HP units that I was using.
She told me flatly, "It's like that one.
Screen size is perfect for portable use in any environment.
I had it four months when my disc drive refused to open.
After 5 months of failed repairs, requested a full refund but was refused and it still is not repaired and Acer is indifferent to the issue.
It is the best laptop ever!!!
Almost 4 years ago I bought what was then the current, up to date HP Pavilion--If I recall correctly, it was the dv 1300 t.
While the computer seems to be set up in a common sense way rather than in geek-speak, there are certain quirks that can drive you crazy trying to deal with the PC world.
The neat and organized icon list is a welcome change from cluttered and confusing desktop icons.
The screen is very large and crystal clear with amazing colors and resolution.
WOULD PAY MORE FOR IT IF I HAD TOO!
The Macbook starts fast, doesn't crash, has a fantastic display, is small and light (I have the 13.3" model), and isn't always complaining about updates, lost connections, errors, blue screens, etc.
The product is prefect for everyone.
The resolution on the screen is almost pure HD.
In due course, I'll remove the hard disc from this new MacBook Pro and dump it where it belongs - in the trash.
BUT there's this application called Boot Camp which allows you to add another OS X like Windows.
Screen is awesome, battery life is good.
I Love my new computer!
Microsoft seems to be unable to keep up with repairs for the multitude of windows problems.
I had a toshiba for 10 years.
Runs like a champ.....
Toshiba is a great brand, even though I haven't had it for a long time, I am very happy with it!
I would say that 85% of the design industry is Mac for good reason.
Acer has set me up with FREE recovery discs, when they are available since I asked.
Hopefully my replacement is brand new.
It is super easy to use.
I do not know for sure.
  This process continued to repeat itself until the mother board had been replaced 4 times and the hard drive replaced 3 times.
After numerous calls to Applecare tech support, I was directed to send in my computer;
I never have had a good result with this computer.
It may take a little getting used to but you don't have to worry about viruses or other headaches.
I waited to review to make sure it is what it is.
If you're not wanting to be mobile, this is a good laptop to sit on a desk.
We purchase the Dell XPS several years ago for my home business.
I love it!
But the mountain lion is just too slow.
Files as well would become lost, deleted or corrupted.
I can't even remember how I finally got it taken care of, but I was done with Sony after that!
Registration/1st use is easy.
Everything is so easy to use, Mac software is just so much simpler than Microsoft software.
The battery life has not decreased since I bought it, so i'm thrilled with that.
Being virus-resistant is a huge plus.
The dv4 boasted a faster processor, more memory, and a bigger hard drive than my old computer, plus a better quality web cam, nicer screen, and many other features.
on the bright side at least I wasn't without my laptop for long this time!
It is the perfect size and speed for me.
I sent it back AND THEY LOST IT.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
Yes, I have it on the highest available setting.
I had to pay for the shipping!
I visited the Apple Store and was impressed with the 17-inch MacBook Pro.
HP didn't fix it.
It is a big big, but since it has a 18.4" screen what would you expect!
I am very satisfied with the mini.
Like the price and operation.
The newer MacBook that I have purchased is one of the best computers.
Probably won't work either.
Very powerful especially for the money.
Its pretty much fire it up and go.
I can't imagine my life without it anymore!
Sony parts reliability and quality of service is recenlty the worst.
Then only FOUR months later, my great MacBook pro FAILED.
Considering another computer should be out of the question
His was worth $36.
It is a much more streamlined system for adding programs, using the internet, and doing other things everyone does on a computer.
A great computer for light home use and business use.
The few things that are wrong with it are very minor things.
(I had been a Windows/Linux user before this) I love the size because the screen is big enough for what I use it for (Internet, artwork), and yet it is small enough to be reasonably portable.
My hp G60-244dx died after only 16 months.
I highly recommend this laptop to anybody that wants great performance from a laptop and would like to relax and not become enraged cursing the gods about to throw your laptop out the door.
Though the picture, video, and music software is nowhere close to professional grade software Im used to (CS5) but does the job for beginner and even intermediate media designers.
It is also very lightweight, making transporting this computer very easy.
Downfalls: sharp edges.
Right out of the box, this little netbook did everything I asked of it, including streaming the everyday video you're bound to encounter checking mail and websites (my biggest complaint previously).
This computer is the ideal college companion.
I just love this lap top, I just wish it were all silver or they had all black.
UPDATE: Two years after buying this laptop, I am now the proud owner of a lemon.
Good for every day computing and web browsing.
Premium price for the OS more than anything else.
-Stay away from MacHouse Amsterdam.
I think this ps was manufactured in the mid 90's.
The local computer repair shops send out ads that say along the lines of we can fix almost any problem or computer  usually even the trouble some Toshiba satellite.
There are reviews that speak to a few possible glitches but, I haven't seen them yet.
It's a great prodcut to handle basic computing needs.
MY ONLY PROBLEM IS I CAN NOT REG. THE PRODUCT KEY.
When calling Dell for help, reurn, or a new computer they were not useful and left it up to myself to figure out what to do with it.
A tip for people looking into this computer: DO NOT BUY IT save up a bit more money and buy a computer that will last.
Recently there are a few incidents that annoy the hell out of me.
With notes saying they replaced the hard drive.
It has been to early to see if this actually fixes the problem or not though.
But the machine is awesome and iLife is great and I love Snow Leopard X.
Laptop is advertised as a 15" but the casing looks like that of a 17".
I absolutely love my mac!
Wasted me at least 8 hours of installation time.
The cover for the DVD drive soon came off, too--a mark of poor construction quality.
I'm very impressed.
I pondered very long over this decision.
If a website ever freezes (which is rare), its really easy to force quit.
Within 3 weeks the same issues started happening AGAIN.
PLEASE MAKE THESE!
in 5 months the connect quality got worse and worse.
If your time is worth anything to you, if you are tired of rebooting, reformatting, reinstalling, trying to find drivers, if you want a computer to work for you for a change, make the change to this computer.
The system constantly overheats, the battery life is too short, the case is coming apart, and my core applications that I use every day in my work as a graphic artist run poorly.
Great laptop for school, easy to use for beginners in the household.
Might not make the avid gamer happy but I don't really think that is what this computer is designed for.
I am going to college next year and I needed a cheaper, quality computer for the goals I am trying to pursue.
It was so exciting for me to unwrapp my new mac.
This mac does come with an extender cable and I'm using mine right now hoping the cable will stay nice for the many years I plan on using this mac.
I'm no regular customer I hate wasting my time with hellos and how can I help you's.
This mac has been a problem since we got it.
Haven't regretted it one bit.
I own other Macs but always find myself navigation to the MacBook Pro to get my work done.
99 to  fix it.
I used windows XP, windows Vista, and Windows 7 extensively.
Also, I issued a replacement RMA for a few dead pixels in the upper zone of the screen, which is noticable to me.
I got the new adapter and there was no change.
Its also FUN to use!
Beta had better quality, but VHS became the industry standard.
Cons: Screen resolution.
I Hate it!
And I may be the only one but I am really liking Windows 8.
It is so great, I can Hardly ever take my hands off it!
Finally after months of research the discovered that they mailed it to a Walmart and there probably would be no way to find the box.
It couldn't have been a better decision.
I enjoy having apple products.
Put a SSD and use a 21" LED screen, this set up is silky smooth!
My husband got me this for Chrismas after getting me a very expensve laptop that did not work after 2 days.
It was just one problem after another for me, and that's reason we had forked out so much money was so we wouldn't have anything to worry about.
The Nortons virus scan is only for a very short time unlike others that usually are good for a year.
" Then I proceed to tell her that I checked out other retail stores that carry the netbook and it wasn't LIKE THAT.
PDF files can be viewed instantly.
It has been nothing but trouble from the time we bought it.
  i dont understand why i spent twice as much to get a laptop rather than a desktop when my lap top is completely immoble.
I have had at least eight Toshiba laptops, and they have been outstanding, including this one.
The configuration is perfect for my needs.
the two of us use it regularly.
Apparently under the screen there are 2 little screws and when the screen gets moved back and forth, they come loose.
Just bit the bullet and bought the Mac hoping it will last a lot longer….
This is basically the best laptop I have ever had or used.
Overall I am very satisfied with the purchase.
When it come time for warranty service to Toshiba you don't matter.
Yes, a Mac is much more money than the average laptop out there, but there is no comparison in style, speed and just cool factor.
I had 3 months when the ports started going out.
But I didn't want to spend another thousand on a laptop since my work already provides me with a PC.
Don't waste your money!
Do your research on this issue.
The Computer itself is a good product but the repair depot stinks.
I seem to be having repeat problems as the Mother Board in this one is diagnosed as faulty, related to the graphics card.
I previously owned an older Dell laptop that died after about 5 or 6 years.
And I'm still paying the bloody financing, for a product which didn't last me at least three years !
I sent it back to Toshiba twice they covered it under the  warranty.
Not as fast as I would have expect for an i5.
The laptop was very easy to set up.
Enough said.
The memory was gone and it was not able to be used.
It is pretty snappy and starts up in about 30 seconds which is good enough for me.
The shop will definitely push the problem to the service center.
I don't know why I didn't make the switch sooner...o ya because it's expensive.
Windows Vista makes this computer almost unusable for online service.
But Sony said we could send it back and be charged for adding the bluetooth an additional seventy something dollars.
I saved about $100 plus tax ordering on Amazon and since I have prime, it arrived overnight for just $3.99 more.
My daughter uses it for games, email, facebook, pictures and music.
Do you think the shop will give me a new set?? It will NOT!
the hinge design forced you to place various connections all around the computer, left right and front.
I wish it had a webcam though, then it would be perfect!
I had to wait 3 weeks to get it back and it still is not working properly.
It's applications are terrific, including the replacements for Microsoft office.
The MacBook is way too overpriced for something so simple and chaotic.
Took a long time trying to decide between one with retina display and one without.
The reality was, it heated up very quickly, and took way too long to do simple things, like opening my Documents folder.
However, I love this particular Mac because its very fast, great size, and has fantastic features like the lighted keyboard and easy mouse pad.
:) Great product, great price, great delivery, and great service.
Out of the box I noticed how small it was and was exactly what I was looking for.
I thought the price was great for the specs.
Those things are very important - vital even!
Still haven't solved this.
The program came with the computer and works beautifully.
Vista is a nightmare.
Another issue I have with it is the battery.
It works exactly like it did the day I took it out of the box.
i FINALLY DID IT AND THIS MACHINE IS THE WAY TO GO!
Do not  buy it!
Clear picture on it and everything.
They didn't even try to assist me or even offer a replacement.
When considering a Mac, look at the total cost of ownership and not just the initial price tag.
The apple MacBook is the best investment that I have ever made.
The receiver was full of superlatives for the quality and performance.
  I should have realized that trouble was brewing .
and its really cheap and you wont regret buying it.
I find myself using the 10-key more than I thought I would.
It WORKS!
Otherwise this little notebook has met all my expectations.
I babyed the heck out of it and i still do.
Looking to take my video and photo editing to the next level, I decided to purchase the MBP 15in Intel Core i5 after reading consumer reviews as well as professional reviews of this laptop.
I believe this is because I was more active than the average user, meaning I average about three "tabs".
More times that not the screen pops up saying I have a bad internet connection, or the page can't be displayed.
As a graphic arts a retired instructor I still love to play with the graphic with photos and clip art .....
Again, the same problem, the right speaker did not work.
Both computers started acting extremely slow within the first year of owning them.
The investment of a new MacBook Pro came at a price, but totally worth it for a good piece of mind.
Every single one we've gotten we've had problems with.
Great product by Apple with the new great looking design.
They should have included more memory on their computers if they knew Vista would run slowly.
I take it everywhere with me because it's so easy to carry.
I can barely use any usb devices because they will not stay connected properly.
Do you think I purposely "destroy" my netbook, so that I can demand a new set? Do you think it's fun to take public transport all the way to the service center and get a non-satisfactory solution? Or rather NO solution.
Also consider the MS Office apps are all trial versions, hope you have your own copies.
It came in brand new and works perfectly.
Ok first.
In my house, HP is a nasty word.
I was going to buy today and noticed it went back up to $344.99?
It is much better than the Acer ultrabook I had before.
But I do NOT like Win8.
There is a little indent to help open it - but good luck with that.
My only other complaint is that it gets really hot.
The performance seems quite good, and built-in applications like iPhoto work great with my phone and camera.
Fan vents to the side, so no cooling pad needed, great feature!
I previously purchased a 13" macbook (had pro specs and was aluminum style) which had a nvidia 9800 (If I am not mistaken) and it had major heating issues.
If you get a lemon (I have two thirds of my  Macs), you have to send it in for repairs several times before they will replace it, even if they have numerous problems with the same version of their computers.
I'm glad I made the choice to switch and buy this MAC.
By the time I was finally able to get a work order to get it fixed I had been without my computer for almost a week while I was an Online College Student, so it was very inconvenient and I had to send it off and be without it while it was being fixed also.
i have dropped mine a couple times with only a slim plastic case covering it.
also it is light weight compared to others.
its more like a snail crawl.
A month or so ago, the freaking motherboard just died.
So, I took it back to the apple store and they narcissist genius bar staff) fixed it by resetting the fan at boot up.
sounds like a typewriter, but if you can get past that, this is a great laptop for a little money!
I have had to take it to the geek squad guys to get it fixed because it has had viruses 3 times and i have not even had it for more then 4 months!
I bought this laptop Was the worst Laptop I've ever bought.
It's ok but doesn't have a disk drive which I didn't know until after I bought it.
No laptop is perfect, but sometimes you just find a computer that works for you.
There are a few flaws as well that I noticed.
  Also, the battery does not last very long at all.
, Applications respond immediately (not like the tired MS applications).
Unable to boot up this brand new laptop.
Waiting for the i7 was well worth it, great value for the price.
also the keyboard does not liht up so unless your sitting in a room with some light you cant see anything and thats bad for me because my boyfriend tends to watch tv in the dark at night which leaves me with no way of seeing the keyboard.
i love the keyboard and the screen.
  I could not find a phone number anywhere to call an actual live person for tech support and had to result the their online chat.
I will never go back to a PC again!
On 3 July 2004, I purcased this model at Best Buy for about $150
It's fast, quiet, incredibly small and affordable compared to other Mac models.
This machine rocks!
they respond: "your dissatisfaction is noted"...
Much faster than my old windows laptop that died on me.
I did a lot of research and ended up thinking this Toshiba was the best one for me.
its as advertised on here..... it works great and is not a waste of money!
Getting the Apple Care plan is a must.
The new Macbook Pro 15 inch i7 is nothing short of amazing.
I love the size, keyboard, the functions.
The SuperDrive is quiet.
iPhotos is an excellent program for storing and organizing photos.
the i3 processor doesn't seem to run hot and the fan rarely turns on.
Even doing so, the hinge may just be slightly tightened only.
the volume is really low to low for a laptopwas not expectin t volume to be so lowan i hate that about this computer
Design: very durable.
Oh and it has word and stuff but its a trial verion so after about a month or so when you go to open it it asks for a product key which didnt come with the computer and even after clicking cancel it wont let you use it at all I use the old word processer which works good.
The Macbook Pro is the premier choice for college students.
I finally decided on this laptop because it was the right price for what I need it.
There also seemed to be a problem with the hard disc as certain times windows loads but claims to not be able to find any drivers or files.
In the short time of one month since the 2012 Mac Mini was released there are well over 1000 posts regarding this issue and the numbers keep rising.
LOVE THIS LAPTOP WONDERFUL PRICE FOR WHAT YOU GET!
NO STAR FOR THIS TRASH.[...
HP said I had done the damage.
This a starter notebook.
Dell Latitude d620 is not a reliable machine.
They claim call center is still down.
The only thing that can be updated is the video, other than that you're all set.
Setting would change for some reason, the screen size would change on it's own, like the pixel sizes and whatnot.
The store honored their warrenty and made the comment that they don't even recommend the HP brand because of the problems with their warrentys.
My Mac is much more efficient than a PC so it does not need the extra bells and whistles to compete.
Solution: it turned out to be pretty simple.
It played various games without problems and ran aero smoothly and flawlessly.
-I propose that they can just swap the hard drives.
This computer was awful!
I think this is about as good as it gets at anything close to this price point.
Plus two finger clicking as a replacement for the right click button is surprisingly intuitive.
The reason why I choose apple MacBook because of their design and the aluminum casing.
both upgrades were quickly accomplished after purchasing the necessary Product Key.
big mistake!
This is the first time that I tried and owning a netbook although I have used 3 different laptops in the past 10 years, I find not much difference except of course for the screen size.
So, I'm cooled on Mac buys.
everything about a mac is wonderful, it takes a little used to learning and getting used to the new system, but you will learn fast and its all worth it.
The only bad part is the size/weight.
  I actually contact Toshiba before I started having problem and was given run around after I supplied serial number in order to delay me sending in laptop until after warrenty expired.
Love the speed, especially!
Well I spilled something on it and they replaced it with this model, which gets hot and the battery doesn't make it through 1 DVD.
It's the inside that is truly wonderful.
Steve Jobs, probably needs help and donations, and cannot afford a reasonable offers for people that truly are trying to support his baby.
I'm pleased.
Its still going.
That whole experience was just ridiculous we sent it in and after they told us that we had to pay $175 to fix it we were like we will just by a portable mouse which would be way cheaper but they refused to send the laptop back until we paid the $175 and it was fixed.
I wanted to spend around $700 to $800 so I was directed to a nice looking HP Laptop.
GET THIS MACHINE
So i would not reccomend anyone buying this computer
I will never purchase a HP again ever.
This is the third in a series of MacBooks starting with a Black MacBook.
They sent out the box right away for me to send in my computer, they paid postage and whatnot, but when I got my computer back it still wasn't running right, and now my CD drive wasn't reading anything!
  I took the computer into Best Buy where I purchased it and they kept it over night to study it.
This is a great little computer for the price.
The internet capabilities are also very strong and picks up signals very easily.
I run Dreamweaver, Final Cut Pro 7, Photoshop, Safari, Firefox, MSN Messenger and a few other applications constantly at the same time.
I was really happy because it is a much better price on amazon.com than it was in the Mac store.
Maybe not the cutting edge (Satellite L455D) but it is a workhorse.
-got it back 3 months later
lots of extra space but the keyboard is ridiculously small.
I think that they are the best out on the market.
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express.
The software is amazing.
Yes, the computer was light weight, less expensive than the average laptop, and was pretty self explantory in use.
I am definitely sold, and not going back to PCs for home use!
Luckily, for all of us contemplating the decision, the Mac Mini is priced just right.
I got this at an amazing price from Amazon and it arrived just in time.
But the screen size is not that bad for email and web browsing.
Although i do believe that Windows operating system may be to fault for some of the problems.
So much faster and sleeker looking.
From the start, when you open the box you see a completely different class of machine.
I'm stuck w/ a broken computer.
I'm still within the one year warranty but the repair "depot"  has deemed that this time it was caused by physical abuse and is not  covered.
) I also tried the touch pad and compared it to other netbooks in the store.
I wanted a computer that was quite, fast, and that had overall great performance.
THis computer may be small but it is one heck of a power horse.
If you faintly come close to touching this thing while typing, all craziness may break loose.
Having someone give you a quick tour of how to's is the best.
Acer was no help and Garmin could not determine the problem(after spending about 2 hours with me), so I returned it and purchased a Toshiba R700 that seems even nicer and I was able to load all of my software with no problem.
And inconvenient!
Spent 2 hours on phone with HP Technical Support.
Now,,,,,my monitor has been acting up for about 2 months.
I chose the iBookG4, a laptop that is an attractive computer with a large screen big enough to please anyone.
***The review below is no longer relevant, Apple has fixed the issue.
I haven't tried the one with retina display... Maybe in the future.
My previous purchases were with Dell and HP.
The 13" MacBook Pro is portable, durable, and very capable.
A scratch on a $1,500 MacBook is unforgivable.
Sorry Toshiba, but 1st impressions do count for something.
All the ports are much needed since this is my main computer.
It has a 10 hour battery life when you're doing web browsing and word editing, making it perfect for the classroom or office, and in terms of gaming and movie playing it'll have a battery life of just over 5 hours.
The video card is great for media, and above average for gaming, but not a gamers first choice.
Note that I don't ordinarily take the time to write a review.
Excellent product for the money.
they will not let you down.
We didn't because it was already over 2,400 dollars!
  They replaced my hard drive as well as my mother board.
Programs would crash all the time, and it turned out to be a very unstable, unreliable laptop for me.
Everything else just install and go.
All you get is a box and a computer.
I have used PC's and converting to this MacBook Pro was easy.
I bought my Acer Aspire custom made in June 2008.
It is the easiest computer I have ever used
The touchpad is extremely sensitive, which is the only drawback.
its sad because their commercials are great.
The case is carved out of a single block of aluminum.
Apple care included.
But the performance of Mac Mini is a huge disappointment.
My brother is a computer wiz and would laugh at me because he used an Apple.
Whenever tried to turn it on, it would restart as soon as the BIOS launched Windows (or Winblows, as I like ot call it).
The lesson learned here is: It does not pay to by this loyal to any brand, since all of them are there to simply  to make as much money as possible, as fast as they can, and in this day and age, the customer no longer is right all the times.
I use that alot on my desktop, so I am adjusting to not having it.
PC users work in Word, while Mac users work in Pages.
That defeated the whole point of a laptop.
Battery life needs more life.
Granted, it's still a very new laptop but in comparison to my previous laptops and desktops, my Mac boots up noticeably quicker.
The great 18 month same as cash financing and Advance Protection Plan which includes accidents like spills .
I was a little worry at first because I don't have a lot of experience with os.x and windows has always been second nature to me after many years of using windows.
Should be there by the end of the week (again...).
I did not have to call the support line at all.
Breaking within 1 year of purchase and speaking to 4+ people to report the damaged part will be returned late!
It has surpassed all expectations and fulfilled all my needs.
I purchased this laptop 9 months ago!
I have experienced no problems, works as anticipated.
I do admit it is pricey but the saying is really true with this MacBook Pro Laptop ( You get what you pay for).
Nightly my computer defrags itself and runs a virus scan.
Finally set the unit back to HP after a month of hell.
Needs Power and Mouse Cable to Plug in back instead of side, In the way of operating a mouse in small area.
I claim that this has no value to me, the laptop was new anyway.
The ultimate graduation gift.
I have always wanted a MacBook Pro.....always!
All-in-all, I would definitely recommend this product for nearly everyone.
I understand I should call Apple Tech Support about any variables(which is my purpose of writing this con) as variables could be a bigger future problem.
I have had the luxury (sarcasm) of owning 2 of these laptops.
It did fairly well, other than it's poor performance, overheating and occational blue screen.
the only thing that bums me out about this purchase is they released a newer updated mbp seriously RIGHT after i bought this one.
It is easy to go from one keyboard to another.
I have no idea how this could have even gotten past quality control during production.
I have no idea how to burn cd's or to use the web cam, just for starters.
The apple systems are over priced luxurys that arn't worth what they are being charged for, this model's specifications are far from being impressive and they only thing you get out of this is the apple name.
I don't know how I could ever live without my Qousmio.
I have a laptop as my regular computer, but found that disconnecting it and lugging it around was a drag.
The processor is very quick and effective as I load webpages and applications.
Keyboard could use some trimming.
I bought this Mac book pro along with a new 27" iMac and while they are still light years more reliable than a PC I have noticed a decline in the reliability of my Mac computers.
Not only are the versions of these programs able to be saved, worked on and opened on both a PC and Mac, the versions of these programs on a Mac are graphically and functionally superior.
:) In the past four years I've had it I have never once gotten a virus.
And now I am a proud MacBook owner also!
With no problems,  I'm happy with this purchase because I saved money compared to buying it anywhere else.
To be honest i think it was faulty equipment or something but idk.
For the price and what I get out of it has exceeded my expectations.
I also like that you can scroll down in a window using two fingers on the trackpad.
I got assurances from 2 different people that the remaining 10 months of my warranty would transfer to the new computer.
So I got another netbook which I love!
working with Mac is so much easier, so many cool features.
So having the AC plug go out on me and get lose or I could actually here it inside my computer on two of the three times is not good.
They are simpler to use.
Bottom line, I doubt you'd be overly disappointed if you invest in this machine.
Apple removed the DVD drive Firewire port (will work with adapter) and put the SDXC slot in a silly position on the back.
Im very happy with this computer!
The Apple MC371LL/A 2.4Ghz 15.4-inch MacBook Pro Notebook is a horrible waste of money.
  The casing of the power cord fried and shocked my husband when he pulled it out of the socket.
  Then they had me jump through many hoops and questions to see if they could find another way to invalidate me.
The large screen gives you the option to comfortably watch movies or TV shows on your computer instead of buying an additional TV for your dorm room.
Buyers beware.
I went with him and we picked this one.
They only stay charged a little over an hour.
so we got a good deal on hsn for an ascer notebook and we bought it for him.
My power supply cord developed exposed wires within the first year of ownership, so it was covered by the Applecare warranty plan.
First the screen goes completely out.
The battery life, before the battery completely died of course, left much to be desired.
The Apple team also assists you very nicely when choosing which computer is right for you :)
It is meant to be PORTABLE.
and if u did.
Set up was a breeze.
If you have any creativity in you do yourself a favor and get a mac!
Needless to say, the leap from that to this has been amazing and (aside from the financial reasons) I am astounded that I hadn't made the switch sooner.
Kind of annoying, but I still love the laptop.
Processor - When compared to my 3 week old Early 2011 edition there I barely experience any difference in performance (2.3 GHz v/s 2.4 GHz).
When I got this laptop in 2007 to help me with school, I had a hard time from beginning.
Thank you Best Buy for putting my computer together and installing my first software - you guys were GREAT too!
I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate, and the Bluetooth and Fingerprint reader (software) would not load.
System is running great.
HELP, HELP, OTHER THAN THAT GETS A GREAT LITTLE WONDER.
again this is just my personal honest opinion.
Wonderful sleek case design is only on the outside.
The display on this computer is the best I've seen in a very long time, the battery life is very long and very convienent.
i use my mac all the time, i love the software, the way it takes a short time to load things, how easy it is to use and most of all how you don't have to worry about viruses.
I called apple and no solution.
I am taking back today.
I especially like the backlit keyboard.
This computer is not cheap and represent an achievement for me.
Looked at HP, ASUS, Acer, Sony and a bunch of other ones but could not find I really liked.
It is extremely user friendly and intuitive.
This comes in very handy for me as an educator.
It's A MAC!!
He gave me this PC about 3 years ago and up to this point im still sitting here using it.
It's so quick and responsive that it makes working/surfing on a computer so much more pleasurable!
For my burn thigh which has put a permanent mark on my skin (it happened 7 months ago) they offered me an ITouch 8Gig (you know it is a bit insulating when a company this rich, offer a loyal customer like me, a bottom of their product line as a gift for events like this).
Overall very impressed, Thank you Apple and Amazon!
-When battery life went to 4 hours or less, took it to the MacHouse Amsterdam for repair (26th of August).
The fact that the screen reacts to the lighting around you is an added luxury-when you are working around others in dark areas and want privacy or don't want to bother them with bright lighting, it is very convenient to have a darker, softer lit screen.
After 20-30 min the screen of the notebook switched off.
This machine is flawless, fast, and classy.
I love WIndows 7 which is a vast improvment over Vista.
Screen, keyboard, and mouse: If you cant see yourself spending the extra money to jump up to a Mac the beautiful screen, responsive island backlit keyboard, and fun multi-touch mouse is worth the extra money to me alone.
We haven't had any problems with it at all.
Strong performance in this device makes use of fun and a strong sense of the era of speed This device serves all modern requirements is a very strong game and is very useful for designers.
I droped this once from thetable when my baby girl grabed me one day and IT is still working with NO issues!
Boot-up slowed significantly after all Windows updates were installed.
They click.
SO? HOW CAN YOU SOLVE IT? C'mon, I just bought the netbook 2 weeks ago.
The new MacBook is lightyears ahead of my old white plastic MacBook circa 2006.
Now the machine won't connect and Toshiba says that they did replace the connection card in May but they only warranty the repair for 30 days and now I'm out of warranty even though this has been a constant 5 month occurance since I bought the netbook.
They are so realistic I am just speechless.
A seventy dollar mouse!
I have Vista, so I am unable to install and uninstall  some programs.
Its pretty fast and does not have hiccups while I am using it for web browsing, uploading photos, watching movies (720p) on occasion and creating presentations.
First off, I really do like my MBP... once used to the OS it is pretty easy to get around, and the overall build is great... eg the keyboard is one of the best to type on.
the headphone and mic jack are in front of touch-pad making the touch-pad hard to use when using headphones/mic, not to mention the laptop was designed for right handed person.
I wanted to explore what the Mac was all about.
What a great little laptop.
The size is perfect and I do not recomend anything bigger except for any person who can exceed the limited space it gives you.
Only issue is that it is a little slow, and I'm fixing that by adding more RAM.
The computer continued to give me issues and in Late June it completely died again and I tried to call Acer again to get it fixed and they refused to help me, they said my warrenty was up and hung up on me.
That's quite a bump up from the $599 that this little guy sells for, which leaves me to my next point.
I like how the Mac OS is so simple and easy to use.
Images are crisp and clean.
Keyboard is plastic and spongey feeling.
I found it toughest to decide between Dell ultra books and Apple.
I think this computer is super lame.
It's a great product for a great price!
Fan noise: The fan made a constant hissing noise in the background.
  Sony, Acer, Dell, Packard Bell and Toshiba.
The repairs were made quickly though I must say, however the second time they shipped it to the incorrect address and it took nearly a week for them to get it to me.
I love the feel of the key board, as well as the trackpad.
He LEFT ME, instructions on what to do when this comes up, or that comes up......
Startup in about 30 seconds, shutdown in 2-4 seconds, resume from sleep in 0-2 seconds.
WIth the upgraded memory, the MacBook Pro never has an issue running many many applications at once!
If anything, I would only suggest using one of these laptops if only you have to.
I love this laptop, and use it everyday to do something, and never lets me down.
Instead, I'll focus more on the actual performance and feature set of the hardware itself so you can make an educated decision on which Mac to buy.
I think that if it is the motherboard again so soon that they should replace it.
I made the right decision.
The nicest  part is the low heat output and ultra quiet operation.
The OS is easy, and offers all kinds of surprises.
It is easy to operate and I have already ordered more software and gadgets for my new Rolls Royce of laptops.
it is very easy for anyone to use an apple and specially the mcbook pro notebook.
  I would  rather spend my money on a computer that costs more then a Toshiba that  isn't good at all.
Since I purchased my Toshiba netbook, I have been very pleased with it, I have a laptob and a desktop.
I initially purchased my Macbook Pro 13" in April, and I loved it.
It pretty much does everything we could ever need, and looks great to boot.
The resolution is even higher then any other laptop on the market.
The display is awesome.
I'm going to buy a logitevh c270.
My last laptop was a 17" ASUS gaming machine, which performed admirably, but having since built my own desktop and really settling into the college life, I found myself wanting something smaller and less cumbersome, not to mention that the ASUS had been slowly developing problems ever since I bought it about 4 years ago.
The one down side to it is that when I play a certin game on here, it tends to freeze up sometimes, but thats the only bad thing about this computer.
This is my 3rd Apple Laptop and first MacBook Pro.
I or my dad paid over twenty four hundred dollars for everything.
Sells for the same as a netbook without sacrificing size.
Best money I ever spent.
I didn't like one thing about it.
Its not just slow on the internet, its slow in general.
Many kinds of software that is necessary to the working person is not available and cannot be downloaded.
I also experience the same with my MacBook Air.
I am a wife, mom and a school teacher and a college student.
People know what they are talking about and they have pride in the product that they are selling.
Externally the keys on my keyboard are falling off, after a few uses the paint is rubbing off the button below the mouse pad and where the heals of my hands sit, and the screen has a terrible glare.
the mouse on the pad, the left button always sticks.
My house is now 100% Macbook.
This is likely due to poor grounding and isolation between the components, and I'm hoping that it can be fixed with a ground loop isolator, but I still expected better product quality for this price range.
Everything I wanted and everything I needed and the price was great!
was debating to buy one for months, checked out different stuff on youtube, and read different articles and debates,I just didnt really wanna spend the money but Im glad that I did.
not using wired lan not sure what thats about.
It is lightweight and the perfect size to carry to class.
This is what they told me: It heats up, and that is the reason we no longer call them laptops, and simply categorize them as portables.
I Have been a Pc user for a very long time now but I will get used to this new OS.
Summary: After doing some investigation on the web, I have found that Toshiba NB205s are not chronically not booting.
Overall this laptop is great.
I have not have any problems.
Waited on getting this computer, but it has been a great change.
Before I begin, I will say that I am not like a good percentage of the people that will end up writing a review on this computer - I am not an Apple fanboy.
Maybe this is virus related, maybe not, but the computer has locked up many times, and on two occasions, the screen has simply gone black.
not something you want to miss out on!!!
It is very fast and has everything that I need except for a word program.
I respond that I do not have the old computer and this way I would lose the data on my hard drive.
Perfect--thanks so.
Dell wanted to charge us for everything everytime I called them with a problem.
Skype is just so dang cool with this machine too.
i would have to say that overall its great!
My sister has the same Mac as me and she is in a band and uses GarageBand to record and edit.
-They say it will take "up to two weeks".
I have no problems yet on my mac so far, and hope it stays like that.
Besides, the apple stocks have been falling due to lack of sales.
Speakers don't get that loud, but good enough.
LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!
Again, I sent it off to Acer, by this time they were paying for me to send it to them and everything, but it was still inconvienent because of my classes and my communication with my fiance.
Yeah, it's super expensive.
  I have used a couple of others on the job as well.
  After that the said it was under warranty.
The battery life is great.
That day!
i think that anyone looking for a good durrable laptop then this is the way to go.
4gb of ram...
A lot of features and shortcuts on the MBP that I was never exposed to on a normal PC.
*6th week*-They are not responding to my emails asking when they expect to dispatch the new unit...
I can't believe how quiet the hard drive is and how quick this thing boots up.
The OS is also very user friendly, even for those that switch from a PC, with a little practice you can take full advantage of this OS!
The port is secured to motherboard so when this  happens you can't see the plug at all, it's just gone.
only good thing is the graphics quality.
It feels cheap, the keyboard is not very sensitive.
It was always getting froze up.
The Mac mini is about 8x smaller than my old computer which is a huge bonus and runs very quiet, actually the fans aren't audible unlike my old pc
Also the speakers are not very loud, But it is a netbook.
Instead it is sitting in West Verginia waiting for UPS to take two days to send Me a box and Two days for them to ship the computer some 691 miles by air? to Louisville Ky.
The first fell apart right after the 1-year-warranty.
I did a review on it, its awesome.
  They basically told me that the machine would be problem free now.
Apple no longer includes iDVD with the computer and furthermore, Apple doesn't even offer it anymore!
The macbook pro is really responsive.
It's a lottery at this point as I have read that other have received new ones with the same problem.
Somehow the system clock got messed up after reboot.
It meets all my needs for work and pleasure while traveling.
I thought the transition would be difficult at best and would take some time to fully familiarize myself with the new Mac ecosystem.
Finally was able to reach a young lady in California and ordered the machine and was subsequently given a delivery date.
If this would be your first Mac purchase then I would highly suggest that you take advantage of the class that they offer to learn about the differences between Mac and PC's.
It was over rated!
u can do what u want in just few seconds, even to start up your computer takes few seconds.
keys are all in weird places and is way too large for the way it is designed.
If that is the case, then I am completely happy
I would like to use a different operating system altogether.
wow the new macbook pro hanged as i tried to type this review.
the mouse buttons are hard to push.
I've been having endless problems since I bought the computer - only 1 month ago
I will not buy another one.
But, I would recommend this product.
Its a pretty decent computer.
I also did not like the loud noises it made or how the bottom of the computer would get really hot.
I am able to play 720p and 1080p media files just fine with it.
But see the macbook pro is different because it may have a huge price tag but it comes with the full software that you would actually need and most of it has free future updates.
I connect a LaCie 2Big external drive via the firewire 800 interface, which is useful for Time Machine.
It was wonderful deal for the wonderful product.
I'm all for saving money but Dell needs to step it up.
It had some kind of pre installed software update that completely shut the computer down when you clicked it.
It's fast and has excellent battery life.
But in fact it is totally the opposite.
10 hours of battery life is really something else....
They discovered the manufacturer's defect and sent it in for repair.
  the battery is irreplaceable.
The Genius at the Apple store advised me that there was nothing about my use of the computer that caused this failure.
  The computer is so slow, even after paying staples the extra money to speed it up.
I couldn't believe how long the battery lasted on a single charge.
so when I had the money to buy one I bought other things instead....a 700 laptop and some extra stuff with it.
All of the programs (Keynote, Pages, Numbers) have an option to save your documents as Microsoft compatible, which really eliminates the need for the actual.
Screen is bright and gorgeous.
This computer was bought because I wanted "top of the line", fast, reliable, HA.
Well, maybe more like week one.
Apple is living up to its name with the mini and, for our needs, it's perfect.
Love that it doesn't take up space like a regular computer.
Replaced this one with my mac that was stolen, its a great computer.
The computer is currently in West Verginia doe to the method of shipping choosen by Toshiba.
I have never really been big on downloading anything so I wasn't too worried about getting a virus, plus I thought I was protected by Norton.
This is especially disheartening when Apple prides itself as the choice of creative professionals.
excellent in every way.
It was fast, and it was "different".
I am so happy to have purchased this computer.
Ive owned Apple computers and laptops for as long as i could remember.
Now 17 months later they want (would not say exact amount) $165.00 to $400 to fix the machine.
The only thing I wish this had was the option to turn off the touchpad with a button like my big 16" laptop does.
It took Toshiba tech support 4 calls and 4 different techs to correct the problem.
The laptop is very lightweight, can easily carry around in a knapsack full of text books and it barely adds any weight.
However, this laptop has a fatal flaw that i discovered merely a week after buying it.
I looked around and based off my price/features comparison from a brand I trusted I landed here.
I always have used a tower home PC and jumped to the laptop and have been very satisfied with its performance.
without a big ol' clunky machine in my backpack, I feel like I can do programming homework anywhere.
I dislike the quality and the placement of the speakers.
I already have a HP laptop I bought last year that's standard size.
The 2.9ghz dual-core i7 chip really out does itself.
One suggestion I do have, is to not bother getting Microsoft office for the mac expecting it will work just like you knew it to on a PC.
I had to call HP and ask for a recovery disk because the computer does not come with one and completely redo it all.
It has a very high performance, just for what I needed for.
I previously owned a Toshiba and it only lasted about 2 years.
I returned the 2nd laptop for a full refund.
  I considered I may have too much on the computer, but after looking, there was plenty of space and that is not the issue.
By week two, my laptop had overheated and was completely dead even though I did not use it too much.
bought the first asus laptop in san francisco, returned it in santa maria, thinking it was just a problem with that computer.
  after trying to get some help he disconnected on me.
I've owned this labtop for less then two months, already the mouse button has broke.
Stay away from Envy.
I work with kids and they love making short videos on there.
2nd Best computer in the world  only one way this computer might become the best is that it needs to upgreade patches  to make less easier for people to hack into
Very happy with my purchase.
I finally made the leap after my Gateway crapped out on me.
I would buy it again in a heartbeat!
This MacBook is an outstanding product with great value.
Apple continues to shine and provide a much more enjoyable computer experience!
Though please note that sometimes it crashes, and the sound quality isnt superb.
Customization on mac is impossible.
I might have read it incorrectly, but better safe than sorry right?
The battery is really long.
They need to stop outsoucing and send some complaint calls to US based customer service agents for those who live in the United states.
Stop living in the stone age and buy a mac, you will not be sorry at all!!
In the past few years, I've had terrible experiences with HP.
Treat yourself to a more expensive, long-lasting laptop of quality like a Sony, Apple, or Toshiba.
Also, macbooks come with much more features which are so cool!
This laptop is very large and barely fits in any carrying cases.
I have never had to shut down the computer unexpectedly and the computer has never froze on me.
Now they are believers in the product.
We both recently got new laptops.
tosiba has a good reputation, my llast computer was an acer.
Incredible graphics and brilliant colors.
OSX Mountain Lion  soon to upgrade to Mavericks.
You might think, I am new in this game, but I am a gadget lover, and have had more than 2 dozens laptops in the past 15 years, and none gets this hot, that fast.
for 2 months.
It was also cheaper than the Pro which made it even more appealing to me.
Overall though, for the money spent it's a great deal.
Apparently there is a manufacturing defect, something with the amount of thermal paste.
That's very possible, but since they don't make Windows XP drivers for the sound card in this machine, I was stuck until Windows 7 came out.
I got what I paid for.
Bigger HD, better graphics card, and a bid HD.
I let my friend borrow it, and she knows nothing about computers, and she used it with ease.
My laptop now has no battery.
I did add a SSD drive and memory
Also, it hardly ever crashes.
That was my first Apple product and since then I have been incredibly happy with every product of theirs I have bought.
Screen is crystal clear, yes it's small - but it's a netbook!
USB3 Peripherals are noticably less expensive than the ThunderBolt ones.
The pricing is very competitive.
Overall, I experienced a huge change in that my mac runs pretty fast compared to my old PC.
If you can afford a new laptop, and are in the market for one, of course, then definitely go for this.
It was still working, but there was nothing on the screen.
  Unless you don't care how long it takes to get going, find something else.
Have returned that laptop unused.
I bought this laptop about a month ago to replace my compaq laptop.
the features are great, the only thing it needs is better speakers.
I just got this laptop for college, and so far I am very happy with it.
Again.
The screen takes some getting use to, because it is smaller than the laptop.
So far, it's an average laptop - no better, no worse than the HP I replaced.
Few viruses to catch;
  After paying over $1000 for this computer, it was not worth it.
Please, anyone who is considering getting this computer, stop.
I only wish this mac had a CD/DVD player built in.
Didn't expect to repair it at once!
Three, the mac book has advantages over pcs' with linux based os there is very 'few problems with system performance when it comes to a mac.
It did everything we expected!
Amazing machine.
It allows me to do everything I need from a computer and more.
Screen is crystal clear and the system is very responsive.
I paid for a new laptop, but was sent a used one.
One of the primary reasons why I purchased an IPad was to store photographs so that I could show to my customers.
Do you ever think HP would do that? NEVER!
  When the computer has been on for several minutes, it will occasionaly just go off by itself.
My next laptop will also be a Mac!
Then, within 5 months, the charger crapped out on me.
It's the mid 2012 version.
Games being the main issue.
One more thing, this mac does NOT come with restore disks and I am not sure if you can make them direct from the mac like you can with newer PC's, also the charging cables are made of the same cheap material as the iPhone/iPod touch cables.
  Taking it back to Best Buy I found that a tiny plastic piece inside had broken (manuf issue).
There is no need to open a program first and the cliick open or import.
Also I typed faster then then letters would show and it got to be realy annoying.
It out performs any other laptop on the market today.
I did an internet search and this is a very common problem with this  laptop.
Definitely worth spending the money on it.
I am paying apple to kill my self and my wallet.
i give this laptop a five star review i love it and it has done chams for me.
It's fun to take to a bookstore, sit in the coffee shop area, sign in to WiFi and look up book reviews of books I might buy.
The people there just changed for me on the spot and I got a new arm piece and they didn't even request for a receipt.
Its small enough where I can take it pretty much anywhere, but still has a big enough screen to get everything done.
I love everything about it.
  Dealing with the support drone on the other end of the chat was sheer torture.
Turns out this is a common problem.
Overall I feel this netbook was poor quality, had poor performance, although it did have great battery life when it did work.
I thought the white Mac computers looked dirty too quicly where you use the mousepad and where you place your hands when typing.
Only 2 usb ports...seems kind of...limited.
It really is very light compared to other computers.
I like the Mini Mac it was easy to setup and install, but I am learning as I go and could use a tutorial to learn how to use some of the features I was use to on the PC especially the right mouse click menu.
Apple "Help" is a mixed bag.
All in all, I'm incredibly dissatisfied with this laptop, and with HP as a whole.
Needs longer lasting battery, More than 1 to 2 Hrs.
After all was said and done, I essentially used that $450 savings to buy 16GB of RAM, TWO Seagate Momentus XT hybrid drives and an OWC upgrade kit to install the second hard drive.
If you are looking for a netbook pc DO NOT BUY FROM ASUS!!!
-I propose that I can just swap the hard drives.
It drives me crazy when I want to download a game or something of that nature and I can't play it because its not compatable with the software.
I found the mini to be:Exceptionally easy to set up
  So far it has been five months since the last problem was fixed and I am PRAYING it has finally stopped.
Most laptops and notebooks are difficult to key on.
Waited on getting this computer, but it has been a great change.
I opted for the SquareTrade 3-Year Computer Accidental Protection Warranty ($1500-2000) which also support "accidents" like drops and spills that are NOT covered by AppleCare.
I bought for my son in the 2nd grade.
They say it could be the motherboard again, but Dell
So you don't get frustrated the first few weeks.
I love the quick start up.
Cheaper than buying it @ apple too!
So buyer beware when buying Toshiba
So, I paid a visit to LG notebook service center at Alexandra Road, hoping they can make the hinge tighter.
When you call tech support you were routed to someone who was in another country and did not know what they were doing.
Seems to slow down occassionally but can run many applications (ie Internet tabs, programs, etc) simultaneously.
Easy learning curve.
BTW, I checked online regarding the old laptop that 'died' and found that I was not alone, far from it.
My main reason to convert was the imovie program.
Highly recommend for daily use.
I needed a new computer for graduate school (had never owned a laptop before), and the only reason I didn't purchase a Mac was because my school's website strongly recommended students purchase PCs.
It is always reliable, never bugged and responds well.
It has easy to use features and all the speed and power I could ask for.
The Mac Mini is probably the simplest example of compact computing out there.
Just What I Needed For Portable And My Wallet Too!
The touch pad is among the best.
Anyone who is considering buying an Acer computer of any sort, I seriously suggest you look into buying a different brand.
The AC power port becomes loose over time
So, I must say I am not a happy camper.
I have had this laptop for a few months now and i would say im pretty satisfied.
Great pick for portability and affordability.
My laptop with Windows 7 crashed and I did not want Windows 8.
It is very user friendly and not hard to figure out at all.
The 4 USB ports are nice, but the two on the side only work now and then.
The AMD Turin processor seems to always perform so much better than Intel.
Because we did not purchase the extended warranty in time, we are on the hook for the repair.
I love windows 7 but i can't give Toshiba any credit for that, unless y'all get serious about ergonomics and making required connections less obtrusive i will be looking to different manufacturer next time.
I wanted something that had a new Intel Core processors and HDMI port so that we could hook it up directly to our TV.
I LOVE IT!
But, like I said before, the only reason I don't currently have a Mac laptop is because all of their laptops are too pricey.
As a die-hard Windows enthusiast, I shunned the idea of a Mac until this point.
I acually believe the issue is with the Nvidia grafics card, but still requires a return.
  Gradually the freezing screen evolved into a screen that froze in weird shapes.
It was hard to handle and operate at school.
I had to pay $100 for a universal charger for this cheap $300 laptop.
also you may need to charge it once a day, if for medium use every thing fast and easy with mac  the size and look is the most feature that attracted me to it.
taking notes, research, an online class and such and didn't want to spend too much on my first machine.
I just bought this laptop 3 days ago.
I have had the netbook for 2 months and I love it, I read some reviews that say netbooks are slow but it does not seem any slower than the other computers I use.
Although my model was listed as recalled, HP denied my claim.
When the buyer returned it Wal Mart just boxed it, taped it shut  resold it as new.
Just a month and a half or two months ago, my VAIO crashed again.
I had less problems.
Built-in apps are purely amazing.
I thought all my problems would finally be solved being that my old computer wouldn't go onto our wireless network and I wouldn't have the same problems because it was updated.
Of course, eMachines cannot be made entirely to blame for this computer's woes;
Hmmm - that high failure rate sure isn't reflected in the retail price.
I have had a Mac for 6 years and won't go back to PC.
This is my first LG product.
This computer doesn't do that well with certain games it can't play some and it becomes too hot while playing games.
It has everything you need to get the job done.
The only thing I dislike is the touchpad, alot of the times its unresponsive and does things I dont want it too, I would recommend using a mouse with it.
So we exchanged it for the same on and after 2 hours it didn't work.
  Best Buy ended up junking the computer and giving me a replacement computer.
in May I started having problems with the USB ports not working.
but it  has a major design flaw.
I bought my first MacBook after seeing the product demonstrated.
They were great in handling this problem, and I'm looking forward in purchasing additonal products from them in the future.
I love the Apple products.
Most of them were either too big, too noisy and too slow after 2 years.
Not enough time for me to give it 5 stars!
What a waste.
LOVE IT I've always been an apple fan boy, but never had the money to buy a mac, only ipads and iphones, and this is my first mac, blew me away completely.
They offer the best warranty in the business, and don't 3rd party it out like Toshiba.
Simple details, crafted aluminium and real glass make this laptop blow away the other plastic ridden, bulky sticker filled laptops.
Buy this.
I can never go back to a PC now, this machine never freezes or has any problems.
also...- excellent operating system- size and weight for optimal mobility- excellent durability of the battery- the functions provided by the trackpad is unmatched by any other brand-
Minis make sense for a lot of people.
while about 8 years ago, I hope that the quality has changed.
Well i got this computer from Best Buy and I have had nothing but problems I bought the computer with a virus.....
-Apparently, contactus@euro.apple.com is not a good address to send complaints.
That is my only complaint!
If you are a PC user looking to convert I would HIGHLY recommend it!
Note, however, that any existing MagSafe accessories you have will not work with the MagSafe 2 connection.
This is a review of windows vista system.
Our Apple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer (Z0J80001) Notebook and has become such an integral part of completing our daily needs and social networking.
I am just amazed.
More relieved than anything.
My ONLY issues are: 1) the screen/video resolution won't increase to a higher resolution then 1024 x 60
I'm Very disappointed in Dell.
At first when I got this product, I loved it.
My wireless provider confirmed my home internet is fine, and any connections I turn on should work.
Enjoy your sitdown
HP is more interested in selling extended warranties (which cost more than the netbook new) then they are in helping or fixing.
  I definitely suggest getting an extended warranty, you will probably need it!
The notebook would not turn back on again.
Despite the inconvenient weight, I opted for the 12 cell battery.
It seemed to be a very nice laptop except I was not able to load my Garmin GPS software or Microsoft Office 2003.
Let me start with the good:So awesome.
I do not experience a lot of heat coming out of it, however I would highly suggest purchasing a stand however, due to the nature of the design of the macbook as it is one very large heat sink.
-Stay away from Apple, or hope you laptop does not break down.
i also love having the extra calculator number set up on the keyboard which most laptops do not have.
The wheel that turns the volume up and down doesn't work in real time.
I would recommend anyone to buy from pcconnection express.
Also it is very good for college students who just need a reliable, easy to use computer.
It seems they could have updated XP and done without creating Vista.
But with A WAY Bigger Screen, and IS able to connect to an HDMI.
1.You can not change your desktop background (window's 7 starter does NOT support that function).
It's fast at loading the internet.
Comes with iMovie;
On my PowerBook G4 I would never use the trackpad I would use an external mouse because I didn't like the trackpad.
great battery life.
The laptop is relatively simple to use, though I bought  Macs for Dummies,  which is well worth $2
My battery went bad about a year and a half after having it and it cost around eighty to a hundred dollars!
:] It arrived so fast and customer service was great.
I got this one for thanks giving Offer for $962 :).
I've always used PC's for work home and this is my first experience with a Mac.
Temperatures on the outside were alright but i did not track in Core Processing Unit temperatures.
I am glad I did my research.
Even though I could have gotten a pc twice the speed for the same price I still think there's nothing like a Mac.
I bought a HP Pavilion DV4-1222nr laptop and have had so many problems with the computer.
On two occasions the computer s calendar told me it was 1969.
Theres a built in camera with special effects- for video and photography.
It works great for general internet use, Microsoft Office apps, home bookkeeping, etc.
I love this piece of equipment, It will be hard to go back to other type of laptop after using a MacBook Pro.
Mostly I love the drag and drop feature.
Thanks for the fast shipment and great price.
Also, HDD secures inside using rails, and there is only one set on the main hard drive.
My first laptop was an Acer that I got for Christmas.
  I am however pleased that it is still hanging in there.
It was slow, locked up, and also had hardware replaced after only 2 months!
Its very nice and once you learn the features you will be so happy to have such a sophisticated computer.
High price tag, however.
Can listen to my music and watch my videos with ease and with a great display.
For me I was lucky and a local store was selling them for $2000 off and Best Buy matched their price so I was able to buy one for under $1000
They refuse.
There is nothing better.
Apple is aware of this issue and this is either old stock or a defective design involving the intel 4000 graphics chipset.
Once open, the leading edge is razor sharp.
The brand of iTunes has just become ingrained in our lexicon now, but keep in mind that Apple started it all.
This is another reason to like the Mac.
I have had two Toshiba satellite computers and while they are okay, they are in no way comparable to the Mac.
It is a great size and amazing windows 8 included!
iLife is easily compatible with Microsoft Office so you can send and receive files from a PC.
After years of using PCs, a new Mac user is basically forced to re-learn how to use a computer.
I decided to get this pile of crap on a whim and totally freaking regret it.
Does everything I need it to, has a wonderful battery life and I couldn't be happier.
Well, I have to say since I bought my Mac, I won't ever go back to any Windows.
Took several hours with customer support before I could even start the PC out of the box.
think i would spend little extra to get a better made laptop.
It is extremely fast and very compact.
The Mountain Lion OS is not hard to figure out if you are familiar with Microsoft Windows.
So I called customer support (which is good too) and they went through it and it is just a safety feature and it does not affect performance at all, I just chose to hide the message.
I purchased a Toshiba Satellite M60 (with harman/kardon speakers!) in December of 2005.
If you are looking for something reliable, this is the laptop for you.
There were no scratches or dents or any marks at all.
-I give up on my data, I just want a computer reasonably fast...
Would HIGHLY recommend this netbook though.
Its Office compatible, but the features and its functioning is all new again so you might as well save the money and just learn the pre installed mac programs.
5 months dead again.
Everything is so easy and intuitive to setup or configure.
It turns out that this hp pc had been preciously sold by Wal Mart.
I've owned every "Pro" model Apple laptop for the last 8 years, this is BY FAR the WORST one I've ever had.
  It is easy to use, fast and has great graphics for the money.
With a healthy pessimism, I took the machine home and tried to find a flaw.
I am able to organize my pics, music and files easily.
Which was way too much money.
It is good to know that I can mobilize without having to worry about the battery life.
This computer gets very hot, before shutting down.
I'm pretty sure it's not newegg's fault but when you turn on a computer you just bought you want it to at least get to desktop.
No tutorials on the display.
So I'm disappointed in that because communicating with my relatives out of the area is a priority.
The tech guy then said the service center does not do 1-to-1 exchange and I have to direct my concern to the "sales" team, which is the retail shop which I bought my netbook from.
I honestly love my mac, thats why I am a self proclaimed mac addict.
Hard disk - The new editions gives you more hard disk space (500GB instead of 320GB) but time has taught me never to trust an internal hard disk.
It was a hard decision for me since the MacBook Pro looked so appealing.
This laptop leaves alot to be desired, I have had it only 5 months and have had to send it away to be repaired twice...
Eventually the screen went blank and the computer would not turn on.
Plus stylish.
I have recommended this laptop to everyone I know who is buying one.
They say sorry out of warranty.
really no problems with the hand me down computers I received from my children.
You know, using the computer should be fun, not aggrevation, especially when you are playing games or working with photos.
They went through asking me open up various components, taking battery out, hard disk apart, and after 2 hours on phone could not fix it.
this laptop is durable and it is easy to travel with.
I have other computers that get strong signals that don't drop in places that this "net"book loses its signal.
We love the size of the screen, although it is still lightweight and very easy to tote around.
  I was very excited because this was my first personal computer and I was purchasing it with my OWN money I had recieved from graduation presents.
I went from a Macbook to this Mac Mini and this was a great upgrade!
Sorry, newegg.
It has served my needs quite nicely for the most part.
  I'll rather be out of date then spend more money on toshiba.
I first purchased this Dell model "1764" on April 6, 201
In desparation, I called their Customer Service number and was told that my warranty had expired (2 days old) and that the priviledge of talking to a technician would cost me ("have your credit card ready").
It doesnt get hot like my PC, with technology always at the tip of our fingertips anytime I forget how to do something i just google it.
Graphics are much improved.
I was not aware that this product cannot display websites that contain Flash.
I have not had a problem with the applications quitting or freezing.
It is a REAL touchpad, not the toy I saw in other brands.
This laptop is fast and you will literally learn all you can do with this dynamo by just watching the online tutorials.
I was considering buying the Air, but in reality, this one has a more powerful performance and seems much more convenient, even though it's about .20 inch thicker and 2 lbs heavier.
Typing on the keyboard becomes uncomfortable after extended use due to the sharp edges that your wrists rest on.
Its the best, its got the looks, super easy to use and love all you can do with the trackpad!..
I would buy this lap top over and over again!
And I can attach my projector to it.
I ordered my 2012 mac mini after being disappointed with spec of the new 27" Imacs.
I had to have these computers in my school.
We also use Paralles so we can run virtual machines of Windows XP Professional, Windows 7 Home Premium, Windows Server Enterprise 2003, and Windows Server 2008 Enterprise.
Stay away from HP.
I was a little concerned about the touch pad based on reviews, but I've found it fine to work with.
Unfortunately, it runs XP and Microsoft is dropping support next April.
Needless to say, not to happy with the product.
I used to build my own desktops from the component parts, and recently my 7 year old Pentium 4 with HT 1 GB ram SATA desktop stopped working (this was a rock star 7 years ago).
I have had my new Macbook Pro i5 for a couple of days and have recycled ALL of my old PC laptops.
If you are a person like me, more on the creative side, the mac has something for you too.
You can read all about the details of this marvelous computer on wikipedia.
Next, most Acer laptop fans are on the bottom which is right on your laptop.
Since I never really got to use this, I can't comment on anything except what went wrong after trying 2 of them.
My friend reports the notebook is astonishing in performance, picture quality, and ease of use.
If you buy, pray you dont have major prolems.
I have never had it crash, randomly turn off,
I do everything on this computer - check email, facebook, shop, check blogs, write papers, listen to music, and we even watch all of our movies on it since we do not have a tv.
So if you want a good machine that does almost anything this is the one, if you want a low budget computer then look at the other great brands Best Buy sells.
Works well, and I am extremely happy to be back to an apple OS.
it has had some problems.
Handles all my basic media needs easily.
Speakers too small to be of any real use.
Everything is falling apart internally and externally.
great price free shipping what else can i ask for!!
Taking it anywhere was a pain!
they improved nothing else such as Resolution, appearance, cooling system, graphics card, etc.
They are not.
however, I may have inadvertently thrown out one of the batteries with the shipping carton.
I normally dont participate in reviews/surveys but this laptop has not given me any problems and hope to share my thoughts...
Thank you for your great product!
I wasn't really sure I wanted to spend that kind of money!
Sound card is limited though.
I haven't used the product long enough to write a detailed technical review.
They have developed excellent proprietary software for editing video and pictures and I'm looking forward to utilizing these tools on the regular.
I tried several monitors and several HDMI cables and this was the case each time.
I feel that enough people have Macs these days and that companies need to start making things more compatable than they used to be.
I thought that it will be fine, if i do some settings.
My MacBook is probably the best investment I have ever made.
Without a doubt, the *design* of this laptop is fantastic.
If you have to ask you don't own a Mac and your just not in the know.
This thing sucks!
I have to wonder why Amazon is even selling this dinosaur.
the hardware problems have been so bad, i can't wait till it completely dies in 3 years, TOPS!
Then just the other day, my left "mouse" button snapped!
  After the warrenty expired the hard drive went bad and it would have cost more to fix then to replace.
It rarely works and when it does it's incredibly slow.
This is my first computer purchase
After about a week I finally got it back and was told that the motherboard had failed and so they installed a new motherboard.
   It has a overheating issue - nearly to the point of being dangerous.
 A coupla months later, they change my hard drive.
The black model also has a very nice seamless appearance - one of the better looking notebooks I've seen.
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications.
WHEN TYPING, LETTERS AND SPACES ARE FREQUENTLY OMITTED REQUIRING THE USER TO REDO MANY WORDS AND SENTENCES.
In fact, he said, about 10% of their products fail.
It suddenly can not work.
(I found a 2GB stick for a bit under $50) Nice and portable and definitely a decent enough system to keep you entertained while sitting in the airplane for a couple of hours, or at the hotel taking care of some last minute details and documents.
I highly recommend this product!
I've had my computer for 2 weeks already and it works perfectly.
Very small and portable I've had this netbook about 12 hrs now and It's better than expected.
The difference is it's a whole lot of fun using the laptop now, still learning the Apple navigation, but is fun and comes with a lot of cool apps.
If upgrade is possible to the full Windows 7, then I will truly be a very happy geek.
The touchpad is very intuitive, so much so that I never want to use buttons to click again!
2) Blue screen first month
I would not recommend this product to anyone.
But it may be potentially hundreds or thousands in the near future.
I always use a backup hard disk to store important files at all times.
I ordered through MacMall, which saved me the sales tax I would have incurred buying locally.
They are wonderful, but very dangerous when it comes to emitting heat.
There is no number pad to the right of the keyboard which is a bummer.
I wish the volume could be louder and the mouse didnt break after only a month.
I bought it to use in college and it is perfect.
I bought it to my son who uses it for graphic design.
I would recommend this computer to anyone searching for the perfect laptop, and the battery life is amazing.
Finally decided to try a MAC because there were too many choices of which PC's to buy and EVERYONE who had a MAC said "buy a MAC".
It has come into good use for my finances, scheduling, my parents business expenses, and it is definitely amazing for gaming.
The computer runs extremely slowly, whether opening Word or My Computer.
All my devises “talk” to each other.
It's macbook pro and there is no discusion about it.
It super shiny, so you can see the fingerprints easily.
the size of has actually help me out quite a bit by me being able to fit it in an already full backpack and to use it at a resturant where the food on the table is always so space consuming.
My Iphone synced right up just like a person would expect, unlike the PCs in our lives.
Chatting with Acer support, I was advised the problem was corrupted operating system files.
Took the netbook on a vacation trip and I was able to do whatever I wanted to do without lugging a much heavier laptop.
So, the hard disk capacity really doesn't matter to me.
Oh my goodness-I am not a happy camper.
If it's not shipped on the next business day, called on a Friday they are closed on weekends, what was the next step.
The screen is framed by half- to a full-inch margin that is obviously unnecessary, reduces the screen size and increases the bulk.
It's fast, light, and simple to use.
Everything about this computer is easy to use.
I know that ASUS is known for making motherboards, but this is the worst computer experience that I have ever had.
Who knows what will happen later on when they dismantle the whole damn thing?  So, I said I wanted a new set.
If you check you will find the same notebook with the above missing ports and a dual core AMD or Intel processor.
It is fast booting up , shutting down, and connection with the internet.
Overall a nice computer.
It's still beautiful and has better color reproduction than I could ever expect from a notebook.
The Notebook PC,Toshiba Qosmio is the best gift my father could have ever gotten me.
This is not a serious gaming laptop or a serious media machine;
It has so much more speed and the screen is very sharp.
The LED backlit display makes my pictures pop so much more.
We did not even have it a year.
It is light and the battery last a very long time.
Summary: I've had this laptop for 2 months, out of the blue the power adapter stops working.
I will never buy another HP computer.
The games included are very good games.
There are differences that you need to know and take time to learn.
I could not even put my entire music collection on this garabage.
I bought this laptop and found its TAB is not functioning.
I had to re-install Windows within two weeks of the purchase and soon discovered cracks in the screen hinges.
Adjust the sensitivity since it's not that responsive to begin with.
It is known as Safari, and if you are doing any website work, you should know that many hosting companies do not support it.
In short I would never buy a Compaq again.
Love it so far.
I preferred the fit and feel of the 13 inch.
There is a small red circle next to it with a x in the middle, and when I click on it it says: " Consider replacing your battery" and it does not hold full charge.
overall i would recomend this to anybody and tell them that if they want to burn their music or play there video games to buy the cd drive.
Ive had to call tech support many times.
It's catatonic.
I should have sent it back to them then.
I do not like too much Windows 8.
It makes a great gift.
This computer does everything i need it to do for school and more.
In addition, there is photo detection software that will allow you to group all the photos together based upon the people in the picture.
I use the computer to basically check emails, surf the web, print coupons and for my college papers.
  So, buyers beware!
I wouldn't play a first-person shooter with this, mind, but if you wanted to run MS Office, email, chat, download a video, listen to music from a certain fruit-named music store, and were looking for a highly portable yet powerful netbook to do that all in, I'd highly recommend checking this out.
I have been a PC user since middle school, but in my mid twenties I decided to convert to the dark side, or should I say the brighter side of life.
I didn't want to buy a generic brand computer but it is really nice.
The battery is not as shown in the product photos.
The Macbook is also made better, my computer has never got a virus, and the laptop runs just as fast as the first day I bought it.
It s heavy for Mac book but is good.
I did have to replace the battery once, but that was only a couple months ago and it's been working perfect ever since.
The #1 reason that is always repeated.
When I got my laptop back after this first instance it worked okay for a little bit then I started expeirencing issues again, everything from programs and drivers failing again, to it powering off for no reason, to locking up and freezing and just all sorts of issues.
I am constantly trying to uninstall programs, clean cookies, and delete unused files.
Love the stability of the Mac software and operating system.
No, tey don't even support their own bios and it "could be a problem with the bios" How can a company that makes a fairly decent product get away with such insanity??!!
Other installed features, such as certain printer software, are also most attractive.
The latest is on my LG Netbook X12
Now I could get myself a cheap computer, that will probably work a whole lot better!
SO of course this one came through with the awesomeness!
I did think it had a camera because that was one of my requirements, but forgot to check in the specifications on this one before I purchased.
It is in the best condition and has a really high quality.
I have had a black macbook since 2007.
Quite simply this is the best laptop I have ever owned.
Then 2 of my nephews were going into music and both fell in love with the MacBook Pro.
Tried to make a recovey disk wouldnt get passed the first recovery disk.
It was about six months later when the overheating problem started again, to the point it felt like fire on the bottom of the machine!
Only problem that I had was that the track pad was not very good for me, I only had a problem once or twice with it, But probably my computer was a bit defective.
  It is just slow slow slow.
Will not buy another Toshiba, this is my second, not happy w/ either.
Right size and weight for portability.
EITHER THE COMPUTER IS TOO SLOW TO DETECT THE KEYS TYPED (THIS IS UNLIKELY AS I AM A SLOW TYPIST) OR THE KEYBOARD SIMPLY DOES NOT DETECT THE KEYS BEING TYPED.
I bought this netbook for traveling, and it's great - light, functional, and meets my needs.
Such as PAGES, NUMBERS, and so on.
You can do absolutely anything and is very fast and stylish.
As a lifelong Windows user, I was extremely pleased to make the change to Mac.
Its been a year and am still waiting to see what there going to do about my laptop.
I'm glad it waited, this one is great.
my information was all lost (my fault, I know, but I never thought I would need to back up my information on a brand new Mac, the paragon of all computers!
Tech support tells me the latter problem is a power supply problem and have offered to fix it if it happens again.
but after i got used to it i love it.
Exactly that, users.
And it didn't show up on the reciept, I don't know how we ordered it online!
I want the portability of a tablet, without the limitations of a tablet and that's where this laptop comes into play.
I have a business website and every time I have to change something I have to go to the public library to use a PC.
  The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
It's software and speed enable it to do amazing things.
An absolutely hateful machine that no one should get of their own free will.
It's also fairly easy to use the Operating System.
The first time it crashed was maybe going on a year and a half of having it.
It is better than my old acer laptop.
Good price.
(Beware, their staff could send you back making you feel that only they know what a computer is.
I would definitely suggest this laptop!
Even out of warranty!
I think it was seventy nine plus tax.
Best thing is I can use existing 32 bit old programs.
Me and my boyfriend bought the Gateway NV78 in nov of 09.
Fits all my personal needs.
I took it to the shop and they said It would cost too much to repair it.
We purchased this as a back up computer after our more expensive HP needed to be repaired.
It is truly a Desktop Replacement.
It wouldn't fit in most 17-inch bags.
Small enough to use on a long flight, Light enough to carry through airports and powerful enough to replace my desktop while on long business trips.
The only problem is a lack of screen resolutions!
I did not like my acer.
You won't have to spend gobs of money on some inefficient virus program that needs to be updated every month and that constantly drains your wallet.
I've had my Macbook Pro since August 2009.
My wife also has problems with her Asus - different model.
I purchased this laptop while on a business trip to keep up with my email.
It cannot save the correct date and time I set.
Could not keep up with me and finally the hard drive went out.
I finally pulled the trigger and I am blown away by how much more I enjoy my computer tasks using the Mac Mini!!!
It quit working within a weeks time.
I WILL NEVER AGAIN buy another Acer, not will I buy Gateway, or eMachine as they are all from the same company.
The battery life was shorter than expected.
The first one I had was a 2006 model, not the Pro.
Obviously we both got new Macs.
Microsoft word was not on it andI had to buy it seperately.
Sad very SAD.
Plus it is small and reasonably light so I can take it with me to and from work.
1) Payed $2200 for a "premium" laptop
I've haven't had any major problems with the laptop except that the plastic piece that covers the usb port wires have all come off.
I just fell in love with this thing.
Besides being elegant, the MacBooks are durable.
I just hope the reputation that Toshiba has is true and I won't have to worry about a crash.
That's right, no power, absolutely NOTHING.
the laptop was really good and it goes really fast just the way i thought it would of run.
Meets my needs perfectly and is light enough for this senior to carry without affecting my arthritis.
I'm now trying to decide on another Dell model.
It is so simple to use, I use it more than my desktop.
I returned it to Best Buy on the ninteenth of April.
I called their repair depot as was told they would send Me a new box to return the computer to the repair depot.
I am used to computers with windows so I am having a little difficulty finding my way around.
After way too many times sending the thing in for repairs (delivery service was slow, and without the laptop I had no access to the internet, and thus no way of tracking it to find out when I might hope to see my computer again), it finally kicked the bucket after just over 2 years.
They freeze all the time.
I should have kept my big, old HP.
Also, one of the users mentioned how the edges on the macbook is sharp, if you have money to spend on one of the incase shells, it doesn't seem to be a problem.
While Apple's saving grace is the fact that they at least stand behind their products, and their support is great, it would be nice if their products were more reliable to justify the premium.
Thank you so much for the great item.
BEST BUY - 5 STARS + + + (sales, service, respect for old men who aren't familiar with the technology) DELL COMPUTERS - 3 stars DELL SUPPORT - owes a me a couple
I will never complain about the price since I believe you get what you pay for and my MacBook Pro was worth every dollar.
Then the system would many times not power down without a forced power-off.
I should have checked this before I installed my applications.
After years of occasionally pulling my hair out fighting computer viruses, a good friend convinced me it was time to go the Apple route.
Love the graphics, awesome programs (including Garageband), and really cool default background.
  The lcd screen stopped working on mine after 10 months.
-Estimated time to fix it: 10 working days or less.
It didn't come with any software installed outside of windows media, but for the price, I was very pleased with the condition and the overall product.
The MacBook Pro is a great product which can meet the needs of the average consumer.
It is loaded with programs that is of no good for the average user, that makes it run way to slow.
I'm using this computer for word processing, web browsing, some gaming, and I'm learning programming.
So in late March, early April 2009 I was without it again for a couple weeks while I had online courses I had to complete and my fiance was in Afghanistan and web conferencing was the best communication method we had.
HP said it was out of warranty.
It completely supports my home business and personal life.
So glad I decided to upgrade!
The capabilities using that program alone made me want a Mac.
Theres always something wrong with it, wether it be some virus you can't track down, or it overheats, sometimes even catches on fire, you just can't use it.
  I loved it.
But if you can't make your product last more than a year, you will not get my business again.
Simple to use, and great graphics.
It was getting old and I needed a new school computer.
I just took the broken cords into the Apple store and they gave me new ones.
I was getting extrememly frustrated when I would want to do these simple taks that I would have to wait and wait and wait for things to download or virus that would clog up my PC.
To list a few: They tend to get hot enough to cause 3rd degree burns, as well as ignite any flamable material if near the part that happens to heat up.
  After the bad experience with this computer went back to compaq.
I can leave my MacBook uncharged for upwards of eight hours and it won't even be dead.
This laptop is a great price and has a sleek look.
The feel of this is better than the Toshiba, too.
I've lived with the crashes and slow operation and restarts.
They are asking me to ship the unit back to fix it at their site.
This netbook went bad on me after 3 days.
And the fact that Apple is driving the 13" RMBP with the Intel4000 graphic chip seems underpowered (to me.
I've saved a lot of time and headaches so far, using my new MacBook Pro.
I charge it at night and skip taking the cord with me because of the good battery life.
Then it ceased charging at all.
Screen is a bit glossy, but that's not too bad.
The battery was completely dead, in fact it had grown about a quarter inch thick lump on the underside.
I was psyched.
They sent me a replacement part and without informing me are requiring that I return it within 15 days or contact them and let them know the broken part will be returned later.
Purchased a Toshiba Lap top it worked good until just after the warrenty went out.
I can not even read what I am writing half of the time.
If internet connectivity is important I would recommend going with a dell net book for 50 bucks more, or buy a USB wireless card.
The keyboard is like no other laptop keyboard.
Hopefully Amazon will take this back.
The i5 blows my desktop out of the water when it comes to rendering videos.
I was so excited to receive the Toshiba L455 as a gift/bonus for some work I had done for a friend of mine!
HP refused to give me a new one and Wal Mart refused to take it back.
These new problems were the final straws;
The battery life is excellent- 6-7 hours without charging.
And if you do a lot of writing, editing is a problem since there is no  forward delete  key.
Seems a much more economical way to get into Apple than their other computers.
Trying to balance all of my roles leaves very little time for me to do anything, so I want to manage my time I do have to be the most efficient.
This device has met my expectations and I'm sure it will meet yours.
I am so addict to this laptop.
Features like the font are very block-like and old school.
-Managed to send complaint email.
Don't waste your money or time.
I would not recommend this to anyone wanting a notebook expecting the performance of a Desktop it does not meet the expectations.
I re-seated the "WLAN" card inside and re-installed the LAN device drivers.
Each time taking about 1 day or so.
Keyboard responds well to presses.
Its a good laptop for its value.
it has all the features that we expected and the price was good, working well so far.
Never had a single problem, and don't have to worry about viruses.
Actually, I had noticed the one on the sales floor also didn't have sound!
  I managed to comply with these too and now have to wait and see if they can find another way to screw me.
My computer froze on several occasion, had buttons that randomely would fall off and even had moments when the computer would refuse to turn on at all.
Yeah, of course smarty pants "fix it now")Software - Compared to the early 2011 edition I did see inbuilt applications crashing and it prompted me to send the report to Apple (which I promptly did).
Some features arent friendly ( volume wheel, sound quality, etc.
This is my second MACBOOK PRO and it's better than ever.
I'm very happy with this machine!
Well designed and fast.
  Worse, for the price I could get a *netbook* that outperforms this machine.
Not super light but still a good one.
I have had to call with a few questions or issues and they have helped me for free, even without the warranty.
I fell in love with my machine, and it was pampered.
Overall, this laptop is definitely a keeper with its simple yet stylish design and its array of fantastic colors to choose from.
It is very easy to navigate even for a novice.
The criticism has waned, and now I'd be the first to recommend an Air for truly portable computing.
I spoke with a service rep at Micro Center and his girlfriend is having the same problem with her power adapter, so it's not just an isolated incident!!!
I was given a Mac as a birthday present and couldn't be happier with it 3 years later.
The only thing I dislike about this laptop are the rubber pads found on the bottom of the computer for grip.
The battery gets so HOT it is scary.
The power plug has to be connected to the power adaptor to charge the battery but won't stay connected.
Keyboard is reasonable size.
Also, if you need to talk to a representive at Microsoft, there is a charge, which I believe is robbery, since you are charged enormous amounts for a very badly designed system, which most people would have went with XP if they could.
Who couldn't love a DVD burner, 80-gigabyte HD, and fairly new graphics chip? As I soon discovered, though, there is a reason for which similarly-configured Sony and Toshiba machines cost more: they use higher-quality components that are faster, better-configured, and end up lasting a lot longer.
Now I know!
The screen resolution was exactly what I was looking for.
Now, I guess, I'll have to unload my M6809 on some poor, hapless soul.
Ever since I bought this laptop, so far I've experience nothing but constant break downs of the laptop and bad customer services I received over the phone with toshiba customer services hotlines.
-they lost my laptop for a month
great machine if you want to drop the cash for one.
This laptop does everything I need it to very well.
they have done absolutely nothing to fix the computer problem.
The driver updates don't fix the issue, very frustrating.
My son said it popped up and he clicked update.
Now I have the best of both worlds with all of the power and ease of the Mac!
Nothing bad to say about it.
I have found also, it is very easy to be able to access wireless internet access;
The sheer power and flexibility makes the MacBook Pro a must have for any techie!
I'm overall pleased with the interface and the portability of this product.
I highly recommend that you buy this product.
I told them that I just received my brand new MacBook but I was having issues.
I was tired of going without my laptop every few weeks.
I've already recommended this laptop to a friend who eye'd the computer when I took it out of my bag.
The only pro to this computer is it was under $600!
It's color is even cool.
Toshiba does not send any one out unless you have paid extra to have the on site repair done.
  When I took it back to Best Buy I asked them if they were seriously trying to drive me insane!
I will upgrade the ram myself (because with this model you can you can do it) later on.
It easily fits into most computer bags but doesn't weigh down a backpack or satchel when being carried with spirals and/or textbooks.
*5 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Apple offers to send replacement after they receive the old computer.
This is a nicely sized laptop with lots of processing power and long battery life.
-Bluetooth (2.1), Fingerprint Reader, Full 1920x1080 screen -Integrated Mic/Webcam* -Dual touchpad mode is interesting, and easy to use -5 USB ports -Runs about 38-41C on idle, Up to 65 (for me) on load -Very quiet -I could go on and on.
Still pretty pricey, but I've been putting off money for a while as a little Macbook Fund, and finally got to use it.
It was a bad experience but i played down its importance.
The unibody design is edgy and durable.
The speed gives you the power to work on these projects seamlessly, and multiple at a time if you sowish.
It's so nice that the battery last so long and that this machine has the snow lion!
it has 3 usb ports, 1 sd memory card reader and an sd memory car expansion.
It's not a recommendation, it' a plea.
  Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months.
without having to have extra equipment and/or complicated routes to take to be able to do so.
I am very happy with my first Mac.
I know some people complained about HDMI issues but they released a firmware patch to address that issue.
I saw walmart had the same computer for about $650 but still knowing what I know now,I would not buy it at that price.
About 1/2 of the sites I need to visit because of my work contain some type of Flash.
I took it to friend who temporarily fixed it and I finally paid about 1500 for the extended warranty.
I called back to ensure that received it, they had.
I think part of the problem with this computer is Vista, yet I know Vista isn't the entire issue because my latest purchase was my Acer and it also has Vista (I should have waited the few months to get the next operating system).
The only thing I miss is that my old Alienware laptop had backlit keys.
Excellent speed for processing data.
I edit and burn to DVD a lot of video, so I obviously could not live with a non-functioning drive.
I am very happy I bought this Mac, well worth the extra money.
I haven't used it for anything high tech yet, but I love it already.
The case is now slightly larger than the previous generation, but the lack of an external power supply justifies the small increase in size.
Their products, including the MBP, are beautiful, sleek and clever.
The salesman talked us into this computer away from another we were looking at and we have had nothing but problems with software problems and just not happy with it.
Have had many higher priced computers crash and burn long before ever got to use all that great memory and speed, etc.
Easy to customize setting and even create your own bookmarks.
Since I keyboard over 100 wpm, I look for a unit that has a comfortble keyboard (no keys sticking or lagging, strange configuration of "extra key", etc.
There is no "tools" menu.
Had to have this computer repaired twice in the first 5 months after purchasing it.
I wanted to purchase the extended warranty and they refused, because they knew it was trouble.
Maximum sound isn't nearly as loud as it should be.
I paid $800 for this computer from my school campus bookstore.
Page just disapeared after you got yahoo or downloaded something.
I had the computer for a full year and it was a new computer.
It fires up in the morning in less than 30 seconds and I have never had any issues with it freezing.
To me it's a workhorse... and quiet as can be... you even save big bucks not dishing out any extra to Uncle Sam... Definite Buy...
The Awesomest of the awesomest.
My only disappointment with the 13" model is that they're the only ones in the MacBook Pro line up without an i5 or i7 processor and dual graphics cards, however the trade-off is that you achieve a longer battery life (of about 2 more hours).
The battery life was supposed to be 6 hours, but even if I ran off the battery with the high effeciency setting the battery would only last me on average about 2.5 to 3 hours.
I have owned many different brands of laptops in my life.
I'm done with WinDoze computers.
It's so bad that I'm thinking I only got half a battery or something.
I can guarantee this will be the last Dell I will ever purchase!
I fell in love with the hp pavillion and that was my replacement and now I could not imagine going back to an acer at all.
I've been impressed with the battery life and the performance for such a small amount of memory.
I upgraded from a 5 year old laptop and was amazed to find out that this computer is much slower then my old laptop.
I did contact HP and share how unhappy I am.
I stayed up half the night enjoying my new MacBook Pro.
I got the first "Blue screen of death" in the early part of July.
Oh yea, has no numeric pad on the side.
If you shop around in the current market you can find a much better deal.
It has everything I would need for a home computer.
I came from the Dell Laptops and now I am so glad I switched when I needed a new laptop.
It's just as fast with one program open as it is with sixteen open.
I my wife is also now the proud owner of a Macbook as well!
I have had many, many issues with PC's in the past and I'm finally glad to have joined the Mac revolution!
In summary, take your money elsewhere.
The sound as mentioned earlier isn't the best, but it can be solved with headphones.
I would  say if you want to buy one of these machines be careful.
We decided we would try to trade-in our old ones.
Everything was so easy.
The Toshiba Satellite has been more than I expected for the price.
  Another THREE weeks later I had my laptop back with a new mousepad, keys, and casing.
I even got my teenage son one, because of the features that it offers, like, iChat, Photobooth, garage band and more!
The track pad is a bit squirrely at times- sometimes too sensitive, and sometimes a bit unresponsive, but it's usable.
I am now frustrated that I still have to use my work issued Windows laptop!
I have owned macbook pros since 2005 and this is the best yet!
Long story, but after many calls to various  offices, I was told that no one can override the depot and that managers  don't take phone calls or e/mails.
and it has blue screen crashed on me twice.
I am not happy at all with the product I purchased.
For this purpose, it's great.
you will not regret it, promise you!
And having to deal with the company has been a even worse nightmare.
Not a scratch or mark on it.
Boots up fast and runs great!
Has met or exceeded my needs for a compact travel device.
Once again, I was told it was the suspicious  power supply  problem.
It's fast, light, and is perfect for media editing, which is mostly why I bought it in the first place.
Keyboard is great but primary and secondary control buttons could be more durable.
A veryimportant feature is Firewire 800 which in my experience works better then USB3 (in PC enabled with USB3)I was not originally sold on the MAC OS I felt it was inferior in many ways To Windows 7.
Thank you.
I went right out and purchased another laptop.
It is the best all around Mac.
It's great for streaming video and other entertainment uses.
So what if the laptops/mobile phones look chic and cool? The after sales support is terrible.
Other Thoughts: I love newegg, I recommend them to the world however this is just unacceptable.
Time will tell.
Made interneting (part of my business) very difficult to maintain.
1st time they got it working the next 5 month they had me send it in.
if yo like practicality this is the laptop for you.
But the quality, in general was less than the worth of the cheap laptop.
I am most impressed with the programming, including the iPhoto.
I cannot even imaging going back to a PC after using this wonderful computer.
There are no viruses or spyware to worry about like on a Windows computer.
(I'm an excellent touch typist, and my hands are very sensitive, too.
This is a great computer.
I then upgraded to Mac OS X 10.8 "Mountain Lion".
What a mistake!
But the arm velcro is torn after one use.
but now i have realized its a problem with this brand.
Macs are designed for the "frontal lobe challenged" people out there.
I would like at least a 4 hr. battery life.
NOW AM VERY APREHENSIVE ABOUT TOSHIBA LAPTOPS.
I am sorry that I purchased this laptop.
Never been hacked.
I do not recommend this company or their products!!!!
It's like 9 punds, but if you can look past it, it's GREAT!
The large screen also helps when you are working in design based programs like Adobe Creative Suite.
I will never go back to Windows!
It's shiny and it's pretty.
This one still has the CD slot.
Returned laptop for a 3rd repair and it came back with previous problems fixed (except for speaker grill) but the unit started locking up during use and eventually would not operate at all.
The screen graphics and clarity, and sharpness are great.
This machine was a horrible experience.
got another 1, and same issue.
:-)If you buy this - don't go into it expecting 7 hrs of battery life, and you'll be perfectly satisfied.
All I will say now is that it was over two grand less expensive and so much better quality than my hunk of crap Vaio.
Easy to install also small to leave anywhere at your bedroom also very easy to configure for ADSl cable or wifi.
Easy to start up and does not overheat as much as other laptops.
Pretty disappointed about this product.
I also purchased Office Max's "Max Assurance" with the "no lemon" clause.
It's so useable and responsive.
The acer one computer that I bought is 17 ince screen and its hard to find lap top bags for it, but I like the big screen on it.
 Went silently.
I love the Mac so much better than my work PC!
This was the second computer and brand bought that day.
I believe that the quality of a mac is worth the price.
If I had to buy another computer, I would most definetly buy an acer one computer.
I recommend for word processing and internet users.
And if you are a game player it works with World Of Warcraft wonderfully.
Great purchase and I definitely didn't miss out on the Black Friday deals.
I was always against them but now I buying one I'll never go back to PC.
But as time went on I found it almost impossible to keep the thing on-line through wi-fi.
ASUS said my net-book was working properly.
I will not hesitate to recommend it to family and friends
The other lock-up problems are from a myriad of causes, the most common being a corrupted version of Appleworks which can render the browser useless.
I will never buy anything from HP again!
Its fast and another thing I like is that it has three USB ports.
After a little more than a year of owning my MacBook Pro, the monitor has completely died.
The Aspire wont even boot past the Acer screen with a Droid (I have tried both Motorola and HTC) plugged into the USB port.
Its fast, has High definition quality in the videos.
  i must keep it plugged in at all times because it will not keep a charge for longer than four minutes.
I am totally satisfied with my little toshie!
Take your time and go through the tutorials patiently.
I spoke to 4 different people and was told they needed to transfer me to a 5th person!
He loves it and it is easy to use and well the schools start teaching the kids early about computers so it was easy for him to get started.
It was truly a great computer costing less than one thousand bucks before tax.
I'm not going to lie, I've never really liked the Acer brand in general.
(The SATA controller is the motherboard chip that lets the CPU talk to the hard drive.)
For me, keys were starting to get stuck and wouldn't type very well.
Apparently well-built and gorgeous to look at, the i5 MacBook Pro is a winning combination of price and performance.
Everything was up and running within 15 minutes of unboxing.
Still trying to learn how to use it.
I love the multi-touch trackpad.
Wonderful zooming.
been a PC user for many, many years.
when i first got it i thought the size of it was a joke.
This is definitely a computer worth the money;
And i would recommend this to anypne looking for a new laptop.
But I wanted the Pro for the CD/DVD player.
This is great if you have several lectures back to back and don't have a chance to charge during one of the lectures.
I have owned at least 4 to 5 laptops and computers - but this is by far the most superior machine I have ever owned.
  also the battery is completely shot.
The cons are more annoyances that can be lived with.
I plan on using my MacBook Pro for a long time.
It started out getting hot after only a few months.
I dont understand how anyone can think this is a great product worth purchasing.
I have never had any issues or problems with my MacBook Pro so far, and it is still as fast as it was when I first bought it.
I needed a driver for my HP and they would not help me with out me paying over $50 for it.
Actually, I think I was intimidated by the change from a PC.
i love the size of the computer since i play games on it.
the latest version does not have a disc drive.
My husband purchased a laptop at the same time for about $300 less (he got a pc).
I'M SO HAPPY WITH MY macbook pro!
There were small problems with Mac office.
  When this happened I would have to completely power off my computer and restart it.
However, there are MAJOR issues with the touchpad which render the device nearly useless.
I'll stick to Tashiba.
NO more Lenovo for me.
I spent 2200 dollars on a "top of the line laptop".
Upgrading from Windows 7 Starter, thru Windows 7 Home Premium, to Windows 7 Professional was a snap;
Highly recommended!
I took it back for an Asus and same thing- blue screen which required me to remove the battery to reset.
I purchased my first Mac and am glad I did.
I reinstalled windows through the recovery discs and everything seemed good again.
Enough said.
The Toshiba Net book operates very well.
I think I might rather suffer for something that is simple to fix in my opinion.
Let me tell you, this machine is great.
Worth the investment and truly a fine piece of equipment.
I dislike the weight and size, cubersome.
My sisters same laptop broke about the month later for the same reason.
I like it so much, I bought another just for my wife.
The Mini's body hasn't changed since late 2010- and for a good reason.
The powerpoint opened seamlessly in the apple and the mac hooked up to the projector so easily it was almost scary.
The Final Cut Pro on this laptop is so fast and easy, and I can use this to seemlessly transfer all my work to my home computer, which is also a mac.
  i had the bulk of problems with my lap top within the first six months.
Again in February my computer completely failed to the point that it could not load Windows so I contacted Acer to get it fixed thru my Warrenty and it took about 3 days fighting on the phone with agents and it seemed as though NONE of them spoke English.
With a MAC computer I have more free time as I don't have to wait for windows to boot up or shut down and all the viruses associated with windows.
The price premium is a little much, but when you start looking at the features it is worth the added cash.
YOU WILL NOT BE ABLE TO TALK TO AN AMERICAN WARRANTY SERVICE IS OUT OF COUNTRY.
This was my first MacBook purchase ever.
The sound is a bit quiet if you're on a plane, this can easily be overcome with a decent pair of head phones.
  It gets stuck all of the time you use it, and you have to keep tapping on it to get it to work.
Originally bought it for my wife.
I would buy one of these for every person in my office if I could.
The one thing that Apple does right is computers.
This was absolutely annoying!
I'll wait and save up for a new one.
As for the laptop, this is our 3rd Apple computer in the past 2 years.
Very disappointed with Apple.
This is my first apple laptop.
  I sent it back and found this time that the battery was faulty, so I got a new one and some other fixes they found.
The computer was shipped to their repair depot  on june 24 and returned on July 2 seems like a short turn around time except the computer was not repaired when it was returned.
go for it!
I was informed that I need to call some 0900 number first.
Moving from a PC to Mac has never been easier, and I'm glad that I did it.
No viruses.
It has all the expected features and more +plus a wide screen and more than roomy keyboard.
IT WANT TAKE IT, IT KEEP SAYING ERROR.
It's outstanding too.
The battery doesn't last long but I'm sure an upgrade battery would solve that problem.
I complain again...
  They informed me that I had around 7 "policies" or viruses on it.
When I got it, I immediately noticed that it was quite heavy and thick and not really attractive.
Good luck with your purchase options.
Would buy 100 more of these if I could.
Where you click and hold and drag it picture, link, etc to where you want it.
Prior to this computer, I owned a PowerBook G4 for 6 years (quite a long time for a laptop).
The downside to this netbook is pretty much the same for any netbook: screen size is not something I'd stare at for the entire 10-11 hours of battery life five days a week.
It is sleek and lightweight and charges quickly when needed.
Great deal on an amazing lap top!
I play a lot of casual games online, and the touchpad is very responsive.
Battery life could be better but overall for the price and Toshiba's reputation for laptops it's great!
i tried turning it done but it did nothing.
Was disappointed to find out that the model had been discontinued, apparently because of known motherboard problems.
I HATE this one.
No startup disk was not included but that may be my fault.
True quality at a great price!
After looking at all the pros and cons, I decided on the Macbook Pro.
and the multiple page viewer ( allows you to press one button to see every separate page currently opened at the same time in one screen) are great for those who are working non stop or just shopping online.
The best thing about this laptop is the price along with some of the newer features.
I wasn't really as concerned about portability (it's a very large laptop) but it's not hard to move around or take on a trip which was a pleasant surprise.
This is my first Dell I heard their customer service was lacking and that they were working on improving it!
They're easy, fun, powerful and will last a long time.
TOSHIBA WILL NOT ACKNOWLEDGE THIS PROBLEM.
Another thing is that after only a month the left mouse key broke and it costed $175 to send it in to fix it.
I wiped nearly everything off of it, installed OpenOffice and Firefox, and I am operating an incredibly efficient and useful machine for a great price.
I should have spent an extra hundred bucks and got a full sized computer.
It is EXTREMELY fast and never lags.
The only thing I would change about it is the mouse keys.
  The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
Being a PC user my whole life, it's taking a bit of time to adapt to the OS of a Mac but I'm finding my way around.
From the get-go, the M6809 was unsteady in its operation;
And in 6 months, there have been no freezing up and no blue, purple, black or any other type of screen.
I noticed windows has a new system called Windows 7, what about us Vista users?  They should get all the bugs out of Vista before investing in a new system.
This system is not worth the money or trouble trying to get it fix.
Easy to set up and go!
I was disappointed when I realized that the keyboard doesn't light up on this model.
It still heats up like mad and I am unable to use it with the computer directly on my lap for more than five to ten minutes at a time.
I have now had it for 1.5 months and love it.
My friends or children use that when they need to borrow the Net =) When I out grow this Meaning when its old and my oldest child is ready for one she will get this one ANd I will be buying only TOSHIBA!
Wireless has not been a issue for me, like some others have meantioned.
The computer blinks it shuts off at will.
the only fact i dont like about apples is they generally use safari and i dont use safari but after i install Mozzilla firfox i love every single bit about it.
It's so nice to look at and the keys are easy to type with.
It has good speed and plenty of hard drive space.
I needed a laptop with big storage, a nice screen and fast so I can photoshop without any problem.
Again- windows based machines were not giving me anything to work with!
I also liked the glass screen.
I've only had it one day, but I really do love it and I'm happy it was economical and I'm finally able to own a Mac!
We'll save our money to replace it with a Mac again!
The trackpad was easy to learn and navigate.
I would definitely reccomend this if you are in the market for an easy to use, stylish, fun, awesome computer.
I also enjoy the fact that my MacBook Pro laptop allows me to run Windows 7 on it by using the VMWare program.
With the softwares supporting the use of other OS makes it much better.
The MBP is beautiful has many wonderful capabilities.
I know Apples are more expensive than PCs, but he thinks it is worth every penny.
  I took the computer back in yet again except this time they kept it to send into their Geek Squad headquarters.
I'm tired of the inept service.
He has replaced his hard drive twice and (of course) has had to pay for antivirus software every year.
I have only had PCs with Windows before so this takes a little getting use to.
A key contributor that led me to Mac is the art aspect.
I was given a demonstration of Windows 8.
If only Bill Gates would read some of what is said here MS would do a better job.
Can you buy any laptop that matches the quality of a MacBook?
I've tried going back to XL but there still problems.
Quick and has built in virus control.
and it fits in my briefcase with ease
It has just enough RAM to run smoothly and enough memory to satisfy my needs.
OSX Lion is a great performer..extremely fast and reliable.
I'v spent as much for shipping as I would to buy a new netbook -- of course a different brand.
I purchased this netbook after my original Toshiba laptop crashed right after the warranty expired.
I use iphoto all the time, which is a great program for anyone who is into photography - amateurs and experts alike.
air has higher resolution but the fonts are small.
The machine has a bluray player the book has no mention of it or how to connect it to your HDTV.
The Macbook Pro is extremely thin and light compared to those heavy Windows Laptop.
That is how it is able to function better than any other PC.
I homeschool my kids and with this netbook next to my desk we get to teaching and illustrating without skipping a beat.
It crashes, and when it goes flat, it just DIES (like a PC, maybe worse) and I loose all my open documents!
If you could stretch by a few 100 dollars I highly recommend you should replace your Windows laptop with this one.
Very fast for my needs.
Windows is also rather unsteady on its feet and is susceptible to many bugs.
This one has had the same effect.
Accordingly, I have decided to NEVER purchase another HP product (my five year old Compaq) lasted 5-years before the hard drive crashed.
The technical service for dell is so 3rd world it might as well not even bother.
Frustrated I hung up and tried to call back 3 days later to be told that it takes 2-3 days for turnaround time.
I loaded windows 7 via Bootcamp and it works flawlessly!
He said quite a number of people had encountered this problem and said it is a common issue.
Basic computer.
Save your money and go for a better device.
I took it home and within 30 min, it was freezing up and did the "blue screen of death".
It makes doing schoolwork at night so much easier.
And Toshiba is totally unconcerned.
I like the laptop overall.
I love the solid machined aluminum frame, and the keyboard is the best of any laptop I've used.
The only thing I miss are the "Home/End" type keys and other things that I grew accustomed to after so long.
I am having a friend look at it , but will probably return it.
Fast, great visual!
The apple care has never failed me, and I expect it to be the same for this computer as well.
The audio volume is quite low and virtually unusable in a room with any background activity.
Now for the hardware problems.
Overall : Poor, Features: Average, Performance: Poor, Battery Life: Excellent, Price-Value: Poor
Windows 7 Starter is terrific (no you can't change the background) but I don't need to, I use it just for school work.
It was okay for over a week before the blue screens started occuring again.
Yeah, to you.
Product support very poor as each phone call costs me long distan
I bought this laptop for my son in 2007 for his Christmas present.
  My opinion of Sony has been dropping as fast as the stock market, given their horrible support, but this machine just caused another plunge.
And this isn't just my one experine.
I bought it to be able to dedicate a small, portable laptop to my writing and was surprised to learn that I needed to buy a word processing program to do so.
Price was higher when purchased on MAC when compared to price showing on PC when I bought this product.
COMPUTER HAS BEEN AT SERVICE FACILITY MORE THAN IN MY HANDS.
My smart phone is faster!
this is one of the reasons I purchased it.
I could have purchased a cheap computer to do what I'm doing now!
Heck, I like all Mac computers, but they're all WAY too pricey for the kind of economy the U.S. is going through.
I couldn't afford a new mac, so I bought a PC instead.
5) Cut my losses and sold it for parts
It is a cheap throw together.
The only downfall is a lot of the software I have won't work with Mac and iWork is not worth the price of it.
The screen is bright and clear, the operating system is solid and friendly to a novice.
Small and light weight.
All the things you can do with the trackpad make navigating around the computer and its programs so much simpler, quicker, and easier.
It is really thick around the battery.
Am very glad I bought it, great netbook, low price.
You may just lose 1 customer for now.
Bought it to use mostly for oline classes.
Charger seems large for this class of computer.
She said its very user friendly.
Simply amazing computer!!
I bought this last week, and the very next day had to return it because it over heated and the touch-mouse stopped responding.
just chill and enjoy.
My friends are in awe every time they come over!
I left the place angrily.
(If you ever see the spinning beachball come up when you think it shouldn't, check the "Activity Monitor" app to see if the disk throughput has temporarily dropped to zero.
The right speaker did not work.
cosmetically, the only thing they changed was 2 of the Function keys at the top.
I really like the size and I'm a fan of the ACERS.
"  I've had it now about 2 months and absolutely LOVE IT.
Startup times are incredibly long: over two minutes.
But if you're willing to pay another 200 dollar for a windows disc.
The love part of my relationship with this laptop doesn't take very long.
But for now, this laptop is still a workhorse.
It has a faster processor and more ram.
Consumer Report recommended Toshiba.
Returning this as soon as I get out of work
The computer was two weeks late in delivery because HP forgot to complete the required import paperwork.
The Apple applications (ex.iPhoto) are fun, easy, and really cool to use (unlike the competition)!
I got it for Christmas, and I was so excited to set it up!
The Material this Pro is made out of seems a lot nicer than any PC  Specs: Like I said this performs a lot better than any computer I've had in the past.
  I will definitely be getting a new laptop if it has any more issues after the warranty expires and researching carefully when I do so I don't run accross a situation like this again!
Yet, HP won't do anything about the problem.
So far so good with this laptop.
I will NEVER buy (Refurbished) again, I don't cae how cheap it is.
But the Macbook is the best!
I have had another Mac, but it got slow due to an older operating system.
The best thing is even while doing almost ten or twenty things at once, it never slows down.
Overall the computer is very easy to use, the screen is perfect, great computer, my daughter loves.
Very good quality and well made.
I've had my MacBook Pro for three years now and still love it!
Most everything is fine with this machine: speed, capacity, build.
Web surfuring is smooth and seamless.
It was quite easy.
I believe with Apple - you get what you pay for.
Luckily, Dell said they would replace my laptop with a new one, but instead I got a refund and bought a mac.
The processor went on me, the fan went and the motherboard went.
It doesn't bother me though.
After sending out documents via email and having recipients tell me they could not open the documents or they came through as gibberish, I broke down and spent another $100 to get Microsoft Word for Mac.
The thunderbolt port is awesome!
I need graphic power to run my Adobe Creative apps efficiently.
I tell everyone that I know, friends, family and enemies this is the absolute worst computer i have ever used.
Aside from the trial software and the short battery life, lack of a webcam, its great.
It seems to have some opions that are intalled but do not work like I thought they would.
  I found this laptop on sale for under 6000 at Best Buy which was a great deal!
I can't begin to say how disappointed I am.
I was loving this Netbook because it had an amazing screen and display and was small and light, but after 1 week it stopped openning web pages for me (even after installing new browsers) then eventually it just started giving me a blue screen and crashing everytime I booted it.
They sent out a Sony 'Certified' technician.
I love the keyboard.
It makes sorting out all those photos on my digital camera a breeze, and organizing them by place, time taken, or sending them to an online print shop, or uploading them to Flickr or Facebook etc, is not hard at all.
Not easy to carry.
It was an all around waste of money for me.
No hassle and no complaints.
I finally decided on this one and couldn't be any happier.
Well, maybe I was just very unlucky.
At 16 months it started shutting off after only 5 or 10 minutes.
It provides much more flexibility for connectivity.
I think the manual is somewhere on the hard drive, but I rather have a hard copy.
But when I received my replacement, I made BOTH recovery DVDs (4), and a driver/application DVD.
I love my macbook pro!
  That was a big mistake.
I don't have stupid pop up windows (even when I have pop ups blocked), I don't have to wait 5 minutes for a webpage to download, and best of all I can run all the web programming software I need to use all at once without slowing me down.
The backlit keys are wonderful when you are working in the dark.
You know what? I happened to buy a defective blood pressure monitor a week ago at the Bukit Batok Polyclinic NHG Pharmacy a week ago.
After a couple of years, my battery life began to diminish but was replaced for free due to a company-wide recall of my particular battery.
this apple navigates you thru the unexplored world of the internet.
No waiting to have my claim reviewed by someone in another state (or more often, another country).
, which Apple doesn't offer, is why I bought my MacBook at Best Buy.
Later it held zero charge and its replacement worked for less than three months.
I am also upset with CR for giving a good rating.
This laptop meets every expectation and Windows 7 is great!
For the use it was purchased for it is a good Laptop.
the mouse is way way way to sensitve.
Laptops are usually used on the go, so why not give you a better battery?
All the yada-yada.
It's also very energy efficient, running on a quarter of the power it takes to run a 60 Watt lightbulb.
At first it's like you're in that honeymoon stage with your laptop.
This is what I call a good after sales service.
The much lauded combined touch pad and clicker is a nightmare.
I am an Info Sys major in college, so I started researching this issue on my own.
Other than that, I would recommend this to someone in need of a cheap laptop with semi-decent gaming capabilities.
It is really easy to use and it is quick to start up.
The video chat is the only thing that is iffy about it but im sure once they unpdate the next version on the macbook book the quality of it will be better.
i setup my password last night with the password on my other computer.
I also travel with it and it never gives me any problems.
I love the way the entire suite of software works together.
It has many great programs, such as ILife, iPhotos and others.
C'mon, LG.
Yet my mac continues to function properly.
  even though I had the receipt in front of me proving it still had 2 months left on the warranty.
I had finally reached my limit and broke down.
It is made better, thicker, and all out tough!
I do transcription work on the side, and the flatline keyboard makes typing quick and easy as well.
(For those old enough to remember, it is similar to Beta versus VHS.
Its hard to encounter a problem on a mac that would require such abrupt action.
The new operating system makes this computer into a super iPad.
" This isn't a big deal, I haven't noticed the issue with DVDs or other media, only through USB output.
My MacBook Pro has been a huge disappointment.
As an owner of a Toshiba Satalite laptop computer things you should know before you buy.
Before i bought my new i5, I did my research for about 2 weeks and determined to move for HP to Apple for reliability, dependable, and long lasting operations.
This was around three years, maybe four years ago.
Enabling the battery timer is useless.
I think that was a great decision to buy
I especially like the keyboard which has chiclet type keys.
This just keeps having it's hard drive replaced!
I grew up in a design family so it only made sense.
The keyboard is too slick.
And if you have a iphone or ipod touch you can connect and download songs to it at high speed.
If you start on the far right side and scroll to your left the start menu will automatically come up.
Didn't work when shipped from Walmart.com but went into a store and exchanged for a working laptop (same make/model).
  I constantly had to send my laptop in for services every 3 months and it always seems to be the same problem that they said they had already fixed.
The battery holds up well, it's built very solidly, and runs fast.
ive never had a problem with it!
Much of which HP ended up paying for.
My laptop worked again for just a while before I started having issues AGAIN.
I was concerned that the downgrade to the regular hard drive would make it unacceptably slow but I need not have worried - this machine is the fastest I have ever owned...
It was not clear that the Microsoft Student Edition that was loaded on the computer, was a six month trial.
I use it now more than I even thought I would.
What's also interesting is this survey changed my ratings the first time I submitted it in case it doesn't keep what I put here are my aratings
my niece and nephew have played a few web games and it runs anything that doesn't require a dedicated video card.
I really wanted a Mac over a pc because I used a Mac in high school.
My only complaint is the total lack of instructions that come with the mac mini.
So, owing to these problems, I went out and got myself an Apple MacBook Pro, which I am using with great satisfaction at this very moment.
I like it!
It is short on space, and downloads always had problems being completed, or were said to be 'corrupted'.
My first problem was with the pre-loaded Norton Firewall/Security program.
I could not handle it one hand like I can the replacement computer I purchased.
I needed something affordable from Apple and was tired of dealing with PC laptop after PC laptop.
Screen - although some people might complain about low res which I think is ridiculous.
Being a PC user my whole life....
The baterry is very longer.
The battery life is probably an hour at best.
After much battling with HP i was able to return it 4 times for repairs.
This laptop is insane!!!
I am very happy with this laptop.
Everything I have tried has worked and I never have to carry the wall charger cause the battery is so awesome.
While it was highly rated, would I like it? I tried the keyboard at the store, and it seemed ok.
The unibody construction really does feel lot more solid than Apple's previous laptops.
I have found a lot of online sources to help me but think that I would have learned a lot quicker if I would have taken the class.
More likely it will require replacing the logic board once they admit they have a problem and come up with a solution.
I sit down and use my husband's work PC and I don't like it one bit.
The advantages of owning 'a 'mac are numerous.
its by far faster and more stable then my PC.
  Long story short, since I experience so many problems with my laptop every since I bought it from day one, I didn't ask for a new laptop or a refund of what I pay for a crapy laptop, but just an extension of my laptop warranty for another year, they made a big deal of out that and after so many calls and complaints about their products and services, they finally gave in.
I have just had to learn to be a little harder typer than on my last computer.
I got tired of buying laptops and having them stop working after a year.
I'ts nice to have the higher-end laptops, but this fits my budget and the features I need.
bought notebook 07/2009.
she can't tell the difference between it and her regular desktop system.
MACS ARE AMAZING!!!
Bottom line, if you can afford it, get a Mac!
so i called technical support.
Loaded with bloatware.
  Toshiba is aware of the issue but unless the extended warrenty is bought Toshiba will do nothing about it.
  I was told by many  that it was a great computer, but we got one of these, and it worked  great for one year, and as soon as the warrenty was up, then it got  really bad.
I had a little problem adjusting to the small screen but works fine as long as I remember to carry my glasses.
  The problems started with just the screen freezing.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
Its only crashed on me one time in the 3 months i've had it.
iTunes is a handy music-management program, and it is essential for anyone with an iPod.
I don't do any high tech stuff on it, just write papers, check mail, and sometimes play games, so I can't reccomend it if you are in the computer field.
Being only 2 months old, I am not a happy camper!
Starts up in a hurry and everything is ready to go.
The Bluetooth was not there at all, and the fingerprint reader driver would be there, but the software would hang after installation was 1/2 way done.
Amazing Performance for anything I throw at it.
Yes, the MBP is more expensive than competing PC laptops.
It has bein into the shop to get a new hardrive 2 times and to fix the touch control buttons on the keyboard!
As of a couple weeks ago the middle portion of the laptop from top to bottom,,,about 4 inches across is hardly visible.
(No problem with the ordering or shipping by the way.
Obviously, this Macbook is P-E-R-F-E-C-T for me because it does exactly what I need in an easy-to-function way.
One, owning a mac is essentially a full production studio (in the case of a mac book a portable version).
-Computer crashed frequently and battery life decreased very quickly.
Going to bring it to service today.
We are addicted to the Mac.
Oh, boy!
Summary: They played games with me for the warranty period.
Despite the plethora of problems, I managed to use technological trickery to keep the machine operational for two years.
I was even able to uninstall McAffe and install one of my Symantec licenses with a no issues whatsoever.
It really is perfect for work and play.
I was also informed that the components of the Mac Book were dirty.
It does not even have the software to play a dvd now.
Call tech support, standard email the form and fax it back in to us.
It was very easy to just pick up and use-- It did not take long to get used to the Mac OS.
You will not regret buying such a great thing like this!
I've also had to have the keyboard replaced at my expense.
There are so many things wrong with this product, it just makes me want to set my self on fire!
But, buy this model and just purchase 4GB of RAM (2x2GB for $92 or 1x4GB for $99), and save yourself $100 than the other model with 8GB of RAM.
*IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A GOOD LAPTOP, THIS IS NOT IT!
Came with iPhoto and garage band already loaded.
I did swap out the hard drive for a Samsung 830 SSD which I highly recommend.
Honestly, I spent more time waiting for it to unfreeze then actually doing what I got on there for!
The service tech said he had tried to duplicate the damage and wasn't able to recreate it therefore it had to be their defect.
I use a cooling pad but it doesn't help.
It is also fast as can be... you get what you pay for... well worth the investment
My MacBook Pro is no exception.
The specs are pretty good too.
The keyboard is slick and quiet and not bulky like some other laptops I have had in the past.
first i have been searching for long time before i decided to get mac.
First of all yes this is a mac and it has that nice brushed aluminum .
This was a gift for my grand son.
It just works out of the box and you have a lot of cool software included with the OS.
The cool thing about the Mac Book was that I went on my honeymoon and shot a bunch of pictures and movies with my iPhone, then I came back and put them onto my Macbook and made a pretty good DVD movie with all the pictures and videos from my trip.
I have loved this since i took it out of the box.
But to be honest, the compatibility issues and the other little quirks make me think I ll buy a PC next time.
Memory is upgradable.
was a great deal i will give that.
it definitely beats my old mac and the service was great.
 One night I turned the freaking thing off after using it, the next day I turn it on, no GUI, screen all dark, power light steady, hard drive light steady and not flashing as it usually does.
It is amazing.
My son and his family have a hard time financially because he is self-employed so the family had no computer of any kind, and kyle the oldest child is 12 and really need something to help him in school.
It's absolutely wonderful and worth the price!
I worked in IT retail sales before.
But I'm still learning so can't rate it yet for everything.
It runs perfectly.
Here are the things that made me confident with my purchase:Build Quality - Seriously, you can't beat a unibody construction.
It's even easy to hook up to other wireless networks.
They are about the same size keys.
Speaking of the browser, it too has problems.
It is easy to use and lightweight.
I had purchased it from a major electronics store and took it to their service department to find out what the problem was.
It's not a wear-and-tear issue, not due to user carelessness and most importantly, they CAN'T guarantee the problem will be solved if it is sent for service and I have to accept the outcome.
It all just makes sense.
Really great...Well let me start at the beginning.
I've had friends with Acers who seem to have had similar or exact same problems.
Now the screen is going darker, darker, darker.
I tried to upgrade it to a newer version a couple of months ago and I still have the same problem.
  Also, I have alot of trouble with it getting very hot, and not even sitting on anything to make it hot.
I got my MacBook Pro because I wanted to do all the stuff I need to do without worrying about the system quitting on me or freezing for a few minutes.
This computer was awful, I would never recomend it to another person.
I went from BestBuy to Dell, Windows to Apple.
  Another two weeks later and it was back in my possession.
Shipping was quick and product described was the product sent and so much more...
This computer is good for 10 days then it sucks for the rest of your life.
At first it worked well for a month or so then the system board failed and I send it in to toshiba some complaints and three weeks later I then receive my laptop back only to discover that it still has the same problem so now I have to send it back again to get it fixed again.
then on top of it all their cusromer service center is in the middle east.
I have had it 9 months and it is already a $250 loss.
i will be returning it and switching brands when i get to best buy.
My macbook is so much better looking and so thin!
It looks and feels solid, with a flawless finish.
The extended warranty for the $4000 and up computers was the only one available for purchase on the drop drown menu.
This is the complete opposite to an ergonomic design.
I've already upgraded o Mavericks and I am impressed with everything about this computer.
I am very pleased with my purchase!
I like to use it at the race track to handiecap the horse races.
Toshiba knows there is a manufacturing defect but will not acknowledge it.
However, my girlfriend realized that the netbook's hinge is a bit loose (when you open or close the LCD).
The ease of use is wonderful.
  By this time I was regretting ever SEEING this machine on the shelf!
It has worked fine.
While most people say that PCs hold functionality and value and Macs are just pretty to look at, I think there's something to be said about the simplicity of Macs.
Which I still use and have hooked up to my TV.
I'm so disgusted that I wasted my money on this product.
A mac is very easy to use and it simply makes sense.
You have to toss out the wifi card and replace it just to have any sort of network capability.
Features such as the Dashboard (allows you to view frequently used tools like a calculator, weather forecast, movie times, calendar, computer post its etc.
I waited another month for approval and for them to "BUILD" me a new laptop.
The ATI graphics card is a huge plus, definitely a good value if you need to be able to run some slightly older games that a Intel built-in card would have trouble with, such as Half-Life 2 or even World of Warcraft.
i try to use it today and I can't logon.
I bought it for really cheap also and it's AMAZING.
lots of preloaded software.
The overall build quality of the unit is excellent and she'd recommend it to anyone else looking for a netbook.
Looks nice, but has a horribly cheap feel.
Browsing, also, was no problem for me when I used itunes ( which usually slows down my PC ).
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
I do not plan on going back.
  Acer won't replace the laptop.
The real stand out on this computer is the feel of the keyboard and it's speed.
And, if you are going to deal with HP be careful.
Thus, when you carry it at a slanted angle, the screen will "topple" or "slide" down, if you understand what I mean.
They had me send in the machine last April returned it to me in May with no documentation on what was done it anything.
They don't just look good; they deliver excellent performance.
I returned the computer to HP and they kept it for 3 months.
the only problem is that i had to add 1 gb RAM, the computer was kinda slow.
While many people brag about Mac being "intuitive", it does take a little time to adjust to coming from a PC, but once I got the hang of it, I don't want to go back.
You may soon mistake my digitus medius as a lively pogo stick.
I love a "pc" but I was ready for a change and tired of the windows system.
Its a dog plain and simple.
I ordered four D620 laptops.
Only thing I would want to add to this is an internal bluray read/write drive.
Price and purpose is awesome!
I've always owned a PC and decided to try a MacBook to see what it's all about.
I made a photo book as a gift, on my computer, pushed "Buy" and it drew from my iTunes account and sent the book to my house, the book was of perfect quality-exactly how I had created it and looked better than I had even imagined.
It is easy to find documents, and keep them in one area.
The item received was exactly as identified.
Unfortunately, that is not the case.
With the macbook pro it comes with freesecuritysoftware to protect it from viruses and other intrusive things from downloads and internet surfing or emails.
I had to call Apple 19 times (each time 40 to 75 minutes on the phone), and take it to their store for evaluations, and diagnostics, 5 times.
Ideal for someone on the go or for a high school students.
Many people complain about the new OS, and it's urgent for Apple to fix it asap!
I only used it to browse the internet and and I dont know how many times it has spontaniously shut down and it is just a blank screen now.
the speed is fine.
I still see the benefits of a PC when I do not know how to do something on my mac.
Nice packing.
I am not going to sit here and complain about it not having a cd drive and what not because it is a netbook, it is made to be compact and if you want all the other stuff get a laptop.
It was secure and easy to navigate.
Although I was promised about 10 hours, I found myself to a limited 7 hours (which is still amazing).
It was a great laptop, ran great and was really fast.
After replacing the hard drive the battery stopped working  (3 months of use) which was frustrating.
The display is incredibly bright, much brighter than my PowerBook and very crisp.
Honestly, this is absolutely wonderful.
Winters is on it's way and I imagine it will be cozy.
I recommend the Macbook Pro if you want the best laptop on the market.
I enjoy very much my new Toshiba, purchased specifially for attending online schooling.
I hate to say this, but if I could take this back to the shop and get my money back, then I would.
the touch pad is fine - again, it's a real touch pad.
I gave it to my daughter because I just hated the screen, hated that it had no cd drive to at least play cd's when I wanted to listen to music and do schoolwork.
After they found no other way, they told me to courier it to them(since they don't allow the use of the post office) at my expense, and sent me a 4 page list of very specific packaging instructions to follow or it wouldn't be covered.
Performance is much much better on the Pro, especially if you install an SSD on it.
I went to my local Best Buy looking for a new laptop since mine broke.
In fact I still use manyLegacy programs (Appleworks, FileMaker Pro, Quicken, Photoshop etc)!
I would Highly recommend this MacBook.
At least those computers didn't just die on me like this one.
I had this computer for one month and had to send it in for repair.
It works great and I am so happy I bought it.
It's graphics aren't bad at all, for the lower end of the MacBook Pro spectrum, easily capable of running StarCraft II and other games with comparable graphics.
I investigated netbooks and saw the Toshiba NB305-N410BL.
The only thing that I don't like about my mac is that sometimes there are programs that I want to be able to run and I am not able to.
But I am glad to have gotten mine right before they stopped making it.
the retina display display make pictures i took years ago jaw dropping.
Thanks, MacConnection, for making this a seamless purchase!
Got this for a graduation gift for my daughter for her to use at college.
I love this little one.
The only thing that I have, is the key broad is a little dark to see the letters, would help if it was a little lighter then it is.
Sometimes you really have to tap the pad to get it to worki
Cost is more as compared to other brands.
After about another month I had to send it in AGAIN to Acer for repairs.
The newer black keyboard took a little bit away from the previous gray one which looked really slick, but it is still a great notebook!
You'll need to upgrade and pay a little more for them.
The only time I have restarted is during system updates.
I currently own a Lenovo laptop as well as my new MacBook Pro, and each have their own strengths and weaknesses.
but it came back in even worse shape.
I tried giving it 0 stars but I had to choose at least one, but IMO NO STARS
I have owned many computers and laptops.
This version of MacBook Pro runs on a third-generation CPU ("Ivy Bridge"), not the latest fourth-generation Haswell CPU the 2013 version has.
I am loyal to Apple.
The Toshiba laptop was a great purchase.
Suffice it to say, my MacBook Pro keeps me going with its long battery life and blazing speed.
I use it mostly for content creation (Audio, video, photo editing) and its reliable.
If you need an affordable, entry-level laptop, this will fit the bill.
I was extremely happy with the OS itself.
the internet can be an scary place its up to you on what you do with it.
Now when I order I did not go full scale for the webcam or full keyboard I wanted something for basics of being easy to carry when I use crutchs or wheelchair and with a backpack laptop bag.
Very fast and efficient!
To this day, there are NONE.
Seriously considering a larger laptop to replace the Dell
(You may be reading one now!
Couldn't have asked for more!
When I called Toshiba, they would not do anything and even tried to charge me $35 for the phone call, even though they didn't offer any technical support.
I will be patient for few months.
Good monitor and performed well.
The buttons you have to press a little harder than most.
So, you can imagine how unhappy I am with this item.
There are so many wonderful features and benefits to the new MacBook!
can never go wrong with apple products.
  luckly i had a student task force able to help, or else it would have crashed within the first year.
Maybe three or four months ago it started blinking all of the sudden.
Which it did not have, only 3 USB 2 ports.
I've had to call Apple support to set up my new printer and have had wonderful experiences with helpful, english speaking (from Vancouver) techs that walked me through the processes to help me.
Far superior to my MacBook.
They really screwed the pooch on this one.
Dismantle the whole thing? Then it will not be a newly manufactured set like before.
Guess I'll stay away from HP.
It was also suffering from hardware (keyboard) issues, relatively slow performance and shortening battery lifetime.
Of course, for a student, weight is always an issue.
It's solid.
the screen brightness automatically adjusts.
You just get a trial version either way.
It started out by randomly ceasing to charge when it was plugged in (mousing over the battery icon would read, for example, "74%, plugged in, not charging"), requiring me to unplug it and plug it back in several times to get it to charge.
Even with virus protection, it always turned off when updates were needed and installed.
It's very annoying.
Keyboard was also very nice and had a solid feel.
Yes, I thought the expese was a little much, but I now realize you get what you pay for.
Otherwise, all other features are a 1
Very happy.
Summary: Dont buy HP.
The apple macbook pro nothing to say butprofessionally great and outstanding.
It shouldn't happen like that, I don't have any design app open or anything.
I can have both OSX and Windows XP running at the same time!
It doesn't heat up like my old laptop.
It's not like I have used for half a year and then complained about it.
company provides UPS shipping, fast, great!
The Toshiba Mini Notebook, Model NB 305-N410BL, is a great little computer.
It was definelty a smart move.
Buying a Mac Mini would allow me to make the transition.
My dad has one of the very first Toshibas ever made, yes its abit slow now but still works well and i hooked to my ethernet!
After replacing the spinning hard disk with an ssd drive, my mac is just flying.
I had to buy a wireless mouse to go with it, as I am old school and hate the pad, but knew that before I bought it, now it works great, need to get adjusted to the key board, as I am used to a bigger one and pounding.
Exactly as posted plus a great value.
I don't understand why only Windows 7 Starter is included.
It seems to be incompatible with everything else.
it's exactly what i wanted, and it has all the new features and whatnot.
Additional caveat: the base installation comes with some Toshiba-specific software that may or may not be to a user's liking.
I also got the added bonus of a 30" HD Monitor, which really helps to extend my screen and keep my eyes fresh!
Currently if I use the laptop I can't sit it on my lap because it will burn my legs.
The internet speed is spectacular.
Comfterbale to use light easy to transport.
The device speaks about it self.
It is as good as new.
In my opinion it was not as user friendly as I expected either.
After the first few months, the computer started crashing about every week.
Overall, still a very nice machine.
it is an amazing image and it too is holding up quite nicely to little hands grabbing the back of my laptop.
The worst a Mac ever did to me was freeze up.
Either way I'm furious.
And that was the fourth time ive sent it to them to get fixed.
Also stunning colors and speedy
Then the hard drive failed;
You better believe my next computer will be a MAC!
OS X is solid with lots of innovations such as quicklook which save heaps of time.
I have used different laptops in the past and I have to rate this one way above the rest.
Two of the times was in one month.
I got this laptop on Black Friday.
And that probably explains why I've already had my SATA controller go bad within a year of buying it.
This was a significantly more affordable than getting a new MacBook Pro from Apple.
Buyer Beware.
Those moments in thime where you want to throw something against the wall? Yeah, I wanted to throw that lap top out the window and light it on fire.
I highly recommend this computer for students looking for a solid machine to get them through college.
I wish iWork or MS Office came with the Mac, but MS Office doesn't even come with most pc laptops.
The minute you fire it up it's all good, very easy user interface.
I've had it for about 2 months now and found no issues with software or updates.
With a mac you don't have to worry about antivirus software or firewall, it's so wonderful.
They aren't worth the money, even though they are on the cheap side, laptop speaking.
Mac is not made for gaming.
packing and everything was perfect
I was waiting for this model to be released since January, and have been holding off on buying a Macbook Pro until the new model came out.
The Mac Book Pro performs flawlessly.
I like the operating system.
During that time, I had to send it back 3 times.
When we bought our new HP comouter in Dec. of 2008, we wanted Windows XP, but were told it would cost an extra $159, so we went with Vista.
Great product, very easy to use and great graphics.
One of them seems to have worked.
It still seems to be a little lose now but so far seems to be hanging in there.
It's not inexpensive but the Hardware performance is impressive for a computer this small.
Other Thoughts: Do not purchase this product.
I like the design and ease of use with the keyboard, plenty of ports.
Every driver on the drivers/applications DVD is everything you will need for a reload.
I've had the MacBook Pro 15 for about three weeks, and it really is a great computer.
But if you are in the computer field you probably wouldn't be here.
What can I say, It's an Apple.
It had a seventeen inch screen which I wanted, but I didn't realize at the time it would be such a monster!
I have had it over a year now with out a Glitch of any kind..I love the lit up keys and screen display...this thing is Fast and clear as can be.
I am first time Mac Buyer and am amazed at features and ease of use the Mac offers.
Fully charged, the MacBook Pro can last about five hours unplugged.
returned it to walmart.
Not a bad laptop, it's a bit slow, but gets the job done.
The speakers are terrible and are probably the cheapest ones I have ever seen in a laptop so if your planning to listen to music I suggest you get something better.
and looks very sexyy:D  really the mac book pro is the best laptop specially for students in college if you are not caring about price.
I was so happy with my new Mac.
They really do have the worlds very worst repair service.
I look forward to years of use, it has held up well over the years and it fits my needs very well.
This laptop has left me with a HORRIBLE taste in my mouth for Acer brand products.
While lacking some of the functions of the other versions, this was very acceptable for the uses planned for this computer.
It took me a while top get away from the land of PCs, but now that I have, I can't see myself going back to it.
It is super fast and has outstanding graphics.
  They removed them and returned the computer to me.
Web access through the 3G network is so slow, it's very frustrating and VERY DISAPPOINTING.
The machine itself is alright.
Finally, I couldn't take it anymore and ordered my Apple.
It's a bummer and one out of five is being kind.
they have not sent a new one nor called.
taking it back less than 24 hours of purchase
I am pleased to report that it is one of the best presents I have received to date.
The machine is slow to boot up and occasionally crashes completely.
And not to mention after using it for a few months or so, the battery will slowly less and less hold a charge until you can't leave it unplugged for more than 5 minutes without the thing dying.
I loved it then, but unfortunately it was before the days of wireless internet.
The biggest problem is that the box had no instructions in it.
Keyboard is great, very quiet for all the typing that I do.
My MacBook is faster than any comparable PC.
The ease in which you set everything up is such that a child could do it.
After doing extensive research, macconnection had the lowest price on the 15" MBP i5.
i love to use it it is esay and light.
As well as having the plug in the computer come loose.
I always swore by PCs and would never consider a MAC.
It came before the day it supposed to which is great.
Buy the separate RAM memory and you will have a rocket!
It's all a bit magical.
It's fast, it's easy easy easy to set up, easy to hook to my wireless network.
Compared to similarly spec'd PCs, this machine is good value, well built and works easily right out of the box.
It is stamped and not in pieces therefore it is a stronger more resilient frame.
I bought it for my mom and she reports that the battery life lasts all day for her, it's very lightweight, and the response for the computing she's doing (Internet focused activity: mail, research, etc.) is excellent;
I picked it out because it was inexpensive ($400) and I thought it would be a good, easy to use first laptop.
I would recommend to any one lloking for a first class computer!
It is not even a year old yet, so I would definitely not recommend it to anyone.
First things first, Macbook pro has many applications to make life easier, unlike the windows computers.
This is the first time for me to use a Mac and I'm really happy with the move.
It is everything I'd hoped it would be from a look and feel standpoint, but somehow a bit more sturdy.
If I have a few hundred dollars to spare, I'd buy the Pro line though, the 2.53 and 2.66 GHz model.
I've only had mine a day but I'm already used to it...
When I am next to my router on my HP I get full service, on my Eee PC I get 3 bars.
The computer itself was fast, ran smoothly, and had no problems.
It is well worth the money it cost, Very good investment.
This purchase opened me to the world of Macbooks, and I am impressed with the intuition of the design, the beauty of the product, and the excellent technological advances associated with it.
Anyways I bought this two months ago and when I first brought it home it kept giving me a message about a vibration in the hard drive and it is putting it temporaly in save zone.
Awesome form factor, great battery life, wonderful UX.
Other than not being a fan of click pads (industry standard these days) and the lousy internal speakers, it's hard for me to find things about this notebook I don't like, especially considering the $350 price tag.
I love this computer.
Was very much worth the price i paid.
The track pad to me is what really stands out though, you can do several different things with it just depending on how many fingers you use on the track pad, awesome thinking Apple!
Apple is unmatched in product quality,aesthetics,craftmanship, and customer service.
So then you may be lucky to get ahold to someone who understands that its no good and they will let you send it back, but of course you are taking a chance of them testing it out to see what has happened, and they tell you that it was not on their side , then you are stuck paying for the repair (the price of a new one).
Can't close the 2nd HDD bay since there are brackets you have to break off (even then, it still doesn't shut) That could be a major flaw for the dual HDD user.
This newer netbook has no hard drive or network lights.
I hate the display screen and I have done everything I could do the change it.
I agree with the previous comment that ASUS TECH SUPPORT IS HORRIBLE WHICH IS A CON IN MY OPINION.
and then, a guy came out to serve me instead.
I realize that not every unit has this issue, but the ones that do cannot be repaired.
if this computer every breaks down on me i will most definatly get the same one again.
The battery life sucked the juice from my laptop and when the extended life battery went out we were SOL there to, so much for that warranty covering all the products we purchased.
It was a Waste of money from day one!
Great things come in small "packages.
This netbook is a perfect supplementary computer to another laptop or desktop (my wife and I have another laptop), or if you are a user who uses the computer for simple tasks.
Garageband is easy to work with, like all the other apple applications I've had experience with.
Thinking about returning it
Also the display is exceptional!
Be safe buy a Sony.
Amazing Quality!
I don't want to RUN a computer; I want to USE a computer.
I can't imagine EVER buying a PC again!
I think this will happen to any new version of computer/phone released and I need to wait for the next set of updates to have all of this fixed.
can't reinstall with standard os cd because of proprietary hardware drivers.
Had some trouble finding a case that it would fit in.
Great battery, speed, display.
This is no exception.
The keyboard is top notch.
I am a freelance graphic artist.
So needless to day, I'm not happy.
I am a college student and it has been very useful.
The screen is nice and the images comes very clear, the keyboard and the fit just feels right.
Using this machine is like a mild form of torture.
The 13" Macbook Pro just fits in my budget and with free shipping and no tax to CA this is the best price we can get for a great product.
It had the full sized touch pad with 2 buttons instead of just one.
ANd I babyed the heck out of it just one day when i opened it turned it on went to click and it was broke.
i needed one to be able to carry to work everyday and this one seems to fit all of the criteria.
the mouse pad and buttons are the worst i've ever seen.
I simply got tired of a bad computer like windows with its constant freezing and anti-virus.
I've installed to it additional SSD and 16Gb RAM.
  Problem fixed which is great but there went another two weeks without my laptop at school.
It is everything that I would want in a computer.
The on/off switch is a bit obscure in the rear corner.
Boot time is super fast, around anywhere from 35 seconds to 1 minute.
If someone called me an Apple Fanboy...it would make sense.
After talking it over with the very knowledgeable sales associate, I chose the MacBook Pro over the white MacBook.
Fast, fast and fast, the web pages just fly by.
Laptop was in new condition and operational, but for the audio problem when 1st sent for repair.
If you really want a bang-up system and don't need to run Windows applications, go with an Apple;
Soft touch, anodized aluminum with laser cut precision and no flaws.
Very nice unibody construction.
I got it back again and was told the motherboard had been replaced, so I was now on the SECOND motherboard within 3 months.
Small and still VERY powerful.
But until now, no complains at all.
Completely worth every single penny dime and nickel.
lightweight, long battery life, excellent transition from PC;
Even though the computer is larger they did not make the keyboard larger.
It has no camera but, I can always buy and install one easy.
It's wonderful for computer gaming.
The quality, engineering design and warranty are superior--covers damage from dropping the laptop.
Its perfect, not much heavy.
You just lose a customer.
Thank goodness for OpenOffice!
The switchable graphic card is pretty sweet when you want gaming on the laptop.
I'm so glad I purchased a Mac and not another PC!!!
NOT WITH APPLE.
This is perfect for her field.
Im glad that it has such great features in it.
Quality Display  I love HP,, it's the only computer/printer we will buy.
I decided I wanted a laptop so I went into the BBY store.
I had a MacBook Notebook, and it had absolutely no protection from viruses, spyware, malware, etc.
First of all, they had no record of me having the 3 year warranty I'd paid almost $400 for, and I had to call in, spend hours on their online chat service, and fax in multiple documents.
  After 4 days, being denied 6 times and told off once, I managed to get through and was able to send them a scanned copy of the receipt.
thanks for great service and shipping!
So when you do call to complain about the hunk of metal you get the joy of speaking with a bunch of people you cant understand.
PC never worked right even after BIOS fixed.
After 3 pleasant weeks of use, the laptop just died.
It turned out it's not really a problem to have a Mac.
So if you move laptop a lot, it might get loose, however it sits pretty tightly.
Although the price is higher then Dell laptops, the Macbooks are worth the dough.
Have not yet needed any customer support with this yet so to me that is a great thing, which is leaps and bounds ahead of PC in my opinion.
The battery never held a charge longer than one hour and within two months, stopped holding a charge for more than ten minutes.
I don't use my laptop in a way though that needs a long battery life so it's perfect for me.
The price is great for this model, I only plan on using it for media in the entertainment room.
I custom ordered the machine from HP and could NOT understand the techie due to his accent.
Super light, super sexy and everything just works.
Speakers doesn't sound that great.
This is the third MacBook Pro in our family.
Garageband is more for the musicians, and the laptop is equipped with a good working microphone, good enough for beginners and musicians at the intermediate level.
There is no HDMI receptacle, nor is there an SD card slot located anywhere on the device.
I have owned it only two months!
So, after Apple replaced the hard drive I enjoyed another 4 months of my new computer, until it froze this morning--completely.
It is easily portable and I take it everywhere I go and might require internet access.
There is a blank lighted screen when I start and that is all.
It's a good fix, in my opinion.
I just hope this expensive laptop doesn't go dead like my friends...it did last him 5 good years before it bit the dust.
However, the experience was great since the OS does not become unstable and the application will simply shutdown and reopen.
Images can be multi-selected and viewed swiftly or in slideshow mode.
Well, they don't care a bunch.
Instead of taking another chance on Toshiba, I went with an Asus G73JH-x3.
If you want more information on macs I suggest going to apple.com and heading towards the macbook page for more information on the applications.
I had the staff telling me older version did not make the fan noise cause it is a "different" computer.
I'm going back to PC.
The pictures are clear as can be.
I had static in the output, and I had to reduce the sound output quality to "FM" as opposed to the default "CD.
I blame the Mac OS.
I was looking for a mac which is portable and has all the features that I was looking for.
We researched and found the best price at MacConnection.
I received this laptop as a gift and let me just tell you that its the worst.
the graphics are awful and the wireless switch it at the top rather than the side which I am used to it being on the side.
The Like New condition of the iMac MC309LL/A on Amazon is at $900+ level only, and it is a Quad-Core 2.5 GHz CPU (similar to the $799 Mini), with Radeon HD 6750M 512MB graphic card (this mini is integrated Intel 4000 card), and it even comes with wireless Apple Keyboard and Mouse, all put together in neat and nice package.
I am not one to throw things like this around but it is a laptop so carrying it around does seem to mean it will be jerked possibly a little, while driving a car and carrying it into where ever you are using it.
The brand is tarnished in my heart.
It's A MAC!!
  This thing is a lemon.
You will regret it if you buy any dell.
My only gripe would be the need to add more RAM.
You can even run a parallels type program easily and run any leftover PC software that you absolutely cannot be without.
Logic board utterly fried, cried, and laid down and died.
Not to mention the fact that your mac comes fully loaded with all necessary basic programs.
A cheaper price should not equal a "cheap" product.
I have three words: Piece of Junk!
I have had several machines over the years, both for personal and business use.
HUGE Apple MAC Fan!
I had never owned a Mac before;
Runs good and does the job, can't complain about that!
And the ram (the thing that makes it faster) comes sporting 2 gigs for high performance to handle more stuff at once and surf the web a whole lot faster than before.
So glad I did not waste money on a less than par product.
The first time I used the card reader it took half an hour and a pair of tweezers to remove the card.
I had a USB connect but, i can't use it because it is not compatible.
The Unibody construction is solid, sleek and beautiful.
Lightweight and the screen is beautiful!
Having a Mac certainly makes life easier.
I get a ton of compliments on its size, and speaking as someone who regularly commutes on a bus, I can attest to the fact that this is the perfect size computer if you're restricted to the width of your body for computing room.
  I was WRONG!
I would definitely not go back to using a PC after using the mac.
and they replaced the awesome ergonomic small lightweight power supply with a power supply that weighed more than the machine itself.
The Apple will run Internet Explorer, but at an amazingly slow rate.
My life has been enriched since I have been using Apple products.
I have had a total of 5 different laptop from many different manufactures.
But while this is one big advantage (as you may know from the company s recent commercials) there are other things to consider before going with Apple.
The Mac version of Microsoft Office is cheaper than buying the actual and works just as well.
You will love this macbook if you choose to buy it.
Runs fast and the regular layout keyboard is so much better.
The difference is the Toshiba had a lot more memory and hard drive space.
I'm going back to DELL.
The battery life also doesn't keep up with the claim but still I think macbook is much ahead from the rest of the pack.
One of the smartest thing I did was take my time to compare laptops before making my purchase.
Since I've had this computer I've only used the trackpad because it is so nice and smooth.
My one complaint with this laptop is that I've noticed an electronic fuzz sound coming out of the headphone jack when headphones are plugged in.
It's slow and one day i hope to have the money to get rid of it and buy something else.
When I am at Starbucks between clients I get full bars on my HP and 1 bar on my Eee PC.
I've almost have bought every generation of MacMinis since 2005, and this one hasn't let me down.
Drivers updated ok but the BIOS update froze the system up and the computer shut down.
Keyboard good sized and wasy to use.
That's how frustrating it was.
The graphics on this computer are also stellar - very clear and vivid.
This was a great deal for a decked out MacBook Pro.
The computer is a dream come true.
I just bought the new MacBook Pro, the 13" model, and I can't believe Apple keeps making the same mistake with regard to USB ports.
At home and the office it gets plugged into an external 24" LCD screen, so built in screen size is not terribly important.
  My favorite by far, although the most expensive, was my Sony.
I got the black MacBook two years ago and have never regretted it.
  It's a long and tirring process that after a while it seems like their game plan was to wear you out so you would want to give up on contacting them.
So honestly, I wasn't expecting anything less than perfection, and I wasn't disappointed.
I have the A65 - right now it's a paperweight.
I switched to this because I wanted something different, even though I miss windows.
Great overall.
you can find many laptops with the same performance and even better with lower price, but you cannot find the look, easy, applications, and the experience in mac.
Dell's customer disservice is an insult to it's customers who pay good money for shoddy products.
Delivery was early too.
No complaints for an Apple product.
You can't even get a satellite card which is why I bought to begin with.
so in a brief summary i would have to say that i would not recommend dell vostro 1000 to anyone due to it being a down right awful setup so in my opinion you should steer clear of them if you want a decent laptop.
It is sleek, smooth, and lightweight.
The Internet Explorer was very slow from the very beginning.
Strengths:Well-shaped Weaknesses:A bad videocard!
The perfect notebook...
and it comes with the new OSX that comes with new features that makes the use more easy.
Okay, let's just start out by saying I am in no way a computer techy.
A longer battery life would have been great - but it meets it's spec quite easily.
Its worth every Penny.
He didn't work for sony, he was just approved to fix their crappy products.
(3DMARK6 score is only 8500).
It's so much easier to navigate through the operating system, to find files, and it runs a lot faster!
The only task that this computer would not be good enough for would be gaming, otherwise the integrated Intel 4000 graphics work well for other tasks.
and its not hard to accidentally bang it against something so i recommend getting a case to protect it.
Even if Apple replaces whatever needs replacing I wonder if, since I seem to be doubling the amount of time I get out of it each time it's "like new," I might have 8 months next time.
GREAT INVESTMENT!
And it is impossible to get them back in.
It's been time for a new laptop, and the only debate was which size of the Mac laptops, and whether to spring for the retina display.
What a waste of time it was to run a Defrag on the PC!
If you don't feel comfortable doing it yourself, just buy the case and be happy, plus it looks nice, I bought the white one from Best Buy.
They also have a longer service life than other computers (I have several friends who still use the older Apple PowerBooks).
All in all great item highly recommend it.
My friend just had to replace his entire motherboard, so did my wife, and it looks like I will have to as well.
If you have the money I suggest going for the i7.
I paid for extra memory and the 17-inch screen, as well as the top of the line DVD and CD burners.
Also, the extended warranty was a problem.
it is really expensive though.
The delivery was fast, and I would not hesitate to purchase this laptop again.
  It lasted for many years of travel, kids and abuse and if I fired it up today, it would work.
After having two PC laptops die with in the past 3 years, I was led to the Apple display at Best Buy by the sleek design and promise of less tech issues.
My parents bought it for me as a graduation gift, and i'm totally (almost kind of maybe definitely) obsessed with it.
I really like the Mac 15.4in. Notebook, but its very pricey.
I baby my electronics so I know for a fact it was defective and not anything that I did to it.
i have had my dell latitude for almost three years.
This machine is A-mazing.
The battery life seems to be very good, and have had no issues with it.
Apple hit a home run here.
Hope this helps!
I had to get Apple Customer Support to correct the problem.
  However I dealt with this problem for over a year and it was more of a hastle then I have EVER had with anything.
Needs a CD/DVD drive and a bigger power switch.
They would repair one thing, send it back and it would still have the same problem.
apple and quess what, you have to send the whole laptop in, too bad, so sad
Was searching online for a power supply when I found this site.
That included the extra Sony Sonic Stage software, the speakers and the subwoofer I got (that WAS worth the money), the bluetooth mouse for my supposedly bluetooth enabled computer, the extended life battery and the Docking port.
The flaws are, this computer is not for computer gamers because of the OS X.
Just for a stupid CD.
It will be returned in the state to which it was shipped Michigan.
I would not recommend the purchase of this modle of Toshiba Computer or any Toshiba product for that matter.
So far, so good!
I am pleased with the fast log on, speedy WiFi connection and the long battery life (>6 hrs).
Other Thoughts: Received replacement 16 Days later.
I do find that my MacBook has a lot more bells and whistles than a normal PC especially if you enjoy technology, downloading pictures and graphic design.
I purchased two laptops (for my husband and 16 year old daughter).
Size: I know 13 is small (especially for a desktop replacement) but with an external monitor, who cares.
I have been PC for years but this computer is intuitive and its built in features are a great help
  The screen almost looked like a barcode when it froze.
wonderful features.
All the customers that come in hate Dell.
Awesome laptop and the perfect size to carry around in college.
That seemed to solve the problem, till I wrote an article with semicolons in it.
Two, owning a 17 in.mac book gives the flexibility to sit anywhere you want without worry about bother anyone.
I took it back to Best Buy where they were so helpful and immediately gave me a new one.
Three weeks after I bought the netbook, the screen quit working.
The computer runs very fast with no problems and the iLife software that comes with it (iPhoto, iMovie, iWeb, iTunes, GarageBand) is all very helpful as well.
this computer is a little more expensive than any pc but it will last you longer and it worth every penny.
For the [$] price (special offer) this is a great laptop.
The system it comes with does not work properly, so when trying to fix the problems with it it started not working at all.
Graphics are clean and sharp, internet interfaces are seamless.
Reason why? It's because when you buy it, you know first thing that you will not lose any value for that laptop, the price will stay the same for the next year, and even if Apple does decides to change mode, your laptop value will only drop 10-20%, unlike PC laptops which drop more than 80%.
I purchased it this year when my old HP laptop finally died and I was looking for something smaller and lighter than a laptop to carry around for classes and traveling.
The screen, the software and the smoothness of the operating system.
This is my first personal Satellite purchase but had very good experience through previous Satellite work issued laptops.
dell is a decently made pc.
He came into my house, fiddled around on the computer for a good forty minutes and got ready to leave before it was even done doing what he was doing to it.
It allows you to automatically upload photos to your Facebook account with one click.
The built in camera is very useful when chatting with other techs in remote buildings on our campus.
This laptop serves all my needs.
I work in film editing and post production, so I need a laptop that not only has power, but memory and speed as well.
If you want a little more custom ability, drop a few bucks and upgrade to one of the more robust versions of Win 7 and grab a 2GB stick of memory to spice it all up a bit more.
Words cannot express how much I love my new Mac.
It does not keep internet signals no matter where you bring it.
another satisfied customer.
Got the computer back a month later and it was still broken sent it out again and they repaired it.
Its ease of use and the top service from Apple- be it their phone assistance or bellying up to the genius bar- cannot be beat.
Quality Display  I was surprised with the performance and quality of this HP Laptop.
My wife was so excited to open the box, but quickly came to see that it did not function as it should.
Not super fancy, but not super expensive either.
May be better for the occasional web surfer.
Also, my sister got the exact same laptop (since they were so cheap) and after 8 months, the screen split in half just from everyday use.
They also use two totally different operating systems.
Battery is lasting about 6 hours as I am surfing the web on Sundays while checking football scores and watching funny Youtube videos.
I tried out another Mac for a few months before buying this one and it is a great machine.
It's small but powerful, light but strong, elegant and beautiful... In resume: it's a Mac!
As it turns out, I just didn't know any better.
I was told that it seems to be a multi - component failure.
Finally, the biggest problem has been tech support.
My wife recently purchased an Apple MacBook Pro and our granddaughter fell in love with it and asked for one for her birthday.
THIS is what a laptop is supposed to be.
I can throw anything at it (and I do), Pictures, video editing, schoolwork.
So if anyones looking to buy a computer or laptop you should stay far far away from any that have the name TOSHIBA on it...
I bought it from HSN because it was "bundled" with extra software, but as it turns out, that software just crashes it more often.....
We carry the netbook around here and there, hence it's kinda of irritating when the LCD just "slide" downwards.
The first full charge of this battery got me only about 2 full hours.
It has all the features that are necessary for college and if not they are able to be added onto the computer.
I don't really have a complaint.
The computer was delivered as promised.
This is the first laptop I've owned, althougth I used several at my previous job.
Don't buy this model.
I had to return it because it wouldn't even start.
I have had no problems with it unlike some hardware defects on past models.
  They sent it off and within 2 weeks I had it back good as new.
Easy to carry, can be taken anywhere, can be hooked up to printers,headsets.
I love to write and play with graphics and html programming and my new Toshiba works great on both!
Let's just get this out of the way, I love Apple!
-4 RAM slots, 2 HDD Bays*, 16GB RAM support -No Wireless Issues, at least for me.
It's a joke.
This mouse is terrific.
Out of all the laptops I have owned, this is by far the best!
I like it better than my big Dell Laptop.
No problems, no lock ups, no disappointments.
I love my Samsung TV and Galaxy S smartphone, but this Netbook was a very poor computer.
It's super fast and a great value for the price!
With in weeks of purchasing my computer is began to slow down.
Sadly Apple has discontinued this MacBook, I think it was never super popular since it fell somewhere in between the cheapest white model and the smaller Pros.
They claim that I should be happy because I am getting a new laptop to replace my two-month old laptop.
tried windows 8 and hated it !!!
i would really recommend to any person out there to get this laptop cause its really worth it.
The graphics and screen are stunning and although I was a PC person, I was able to understand how to use a mac fairly quickly.
  EVENTUALLY we pushed hard enough to convince them that this was the MACHINE that was causing the problems.
But to be honest, I don't use my computer for anything like graphics editing and complex data analysis and gaming.
Because it IS a defective product.
I've had a Toshiba laptop in the past;
  They ended up keeping my computer for almost 3 months!
What I'd like is for the laptop to run well without having to purchase additional memory.
The rep did not even answer my question, I had to ask him, if he understood what I ask or if he spoke english because he didn't even try to acknowledge my question.
Be sure to have good air flow where ever you put it.
This laptop has only 2 USB ports, and they are both on the same side.
I'M REALLY FRUSTRATED BY THIS EXPERIENCE.
I will also say it is much better than I expected!
The letter A stopped working after the first week.
I really don't like it, but I am stuck.
No installation disk (DVD) is included.
Overall for the money this is a good deal.
Most of the large bags are for a 17 inch.
I wanted a simple, reliable  laptop.
A SECOND PROBLEM INVOLVES THE BATTERY WHICH IS ADVERTISED AS HAVING A STORAGE LIFE OF 11 HOURS BUT WHEN FULLY CHARGED SHOWS ONLY 7 HOURS OF SERVICE.
Iphoto is great for adding pictures right to facebook and other social networking sites.
I sent it to them to fix in perfect condition but for what was wrong with it.
I love apple but unlike others That does not prevent me to not be honest about how i like it and if its good or not.
fast, great screen, beautiful apps for a laptop;priced at 1100 on the apple website;amazon had it for 1098+ tax -  plus i had a 10% off coupon from amazon-cost me 998 plus tax- 1070- OTD!
The ease of set up was terrific.
A little pricey but it is well, well worth it.
-Apple offers to send replacement and after 10 days I send them the old computer.
Returned laptop for a 4th repair and it came back but now would lock up and randomly reboot frequently making the laptop unusable.
Great Laptop for the price, works well with action pack games.
Can't wait until I go on vacation and take it with me.
For the not so good, I got the stock screen - which is VERY glossy.
The tech store I purchased this from sent it back,,,,,eventually I got a new or repaired machine approximately 3 weeks later.
Its white color is stylish for college students and easy to take to carry and take to classes.
The built-in webcam is great for Skype and similar video-chat services.
You may need to special order a bag.
Great Performance and Quality.
If you ask me, for this price it should be included.
  Also, I have had alot of trouble with the shift key to go to other lines.
I'm honestly afraid that it will burn me, it's that hot!
Love it.
The OS is great.
Heck, if I had enough ' money, I would but it as a gift for someone.
I bought it for college and so far it's amazing!
I run windows via bootcamp for the couple programs I do not want to buy a mac version of, like my cad programs.
I find it not to be very user friendly.
Crisp screen, great battery life, and plenty of storage.
I bought this laptop so that the entire family had a computer in the living room;
And as for all the fancy finger swipes -- I just gave up and attached a mouse.
It is made of such solid construction and since I have never had a Mac using my iPhone helped me get used to the system a bit.
I will never buy another computer from Dell ever again do to how awful it worked and how I was treated by the company.
My Macbook was worth (after 3 years of use!) $375.
I saw the Mini Mac at Best Buy and decided to get this as my replacement.
This is my second MacBook.
I was starting to boil.
I would have given it 5 starts was it not for the fact that it had Windows 8
Very dissappointed becase I have had toshibas for years, and never a issue.
They have more problems then a 1980's computer.
Only other thing is that if you are using this for document creation Apple doesnt provide any kind of word processor (such as works for windows), but iwork is cheap compared to office.
Well, I bought this laptop a month or two ago.
We use the built in tools often, iTunes is open nearly every day and works great with my iPhone.
It is very easy to integrate bluetooth devices, and USB devices are recognized almost instantly.
Great value, fast delivery- Computer works as if brand new, no problems, very pleased
And mine had broke but I sent it in under warranty-no problems.
The benefits were immediate!
I'm hoping that I can find a really quick way to clean it without it getting too gross.
All I can say is W-O-W.
She tells me about it all the time but I tend to shut off all cognitive functions when she gets that yapper going.
I like those programs better than Office and you can save your files to be completely compatible with the Office programs as well.
I upgraded it's RAM to 2GB, I am very happy with it.
-No backlit keyboard, but not an issue for me.
I wasn't a big fan of the Netbooks but this one was very well designed.
I am really heartbroken to have to post a terrible review.
It could be a perfect laptop if it would have faster system memory and its radeon 5850 would have DDR5 instead of DDR3.
Best Buy Rocks!
I occassionaly use it for work via VPN and it has not given me any problems.
THIS IS MY SECOND MAC BOOK PRO.
The first one sent: Touchpad didn't work The second sent: USB didn't work The third sent: Touchpad didn't work The fourth sent: Hasn't arrived yet.
very very slow laptop.
They were able to set-up with labtops themselves within a few minutes.
This is not Best Buy's fault.
This was the same problem with my MacBook (circa 2007) that I just retired.
If you're looking for a great laptop, you've found the best here.
Yes, they cost more, but they more than make up for it in speed, construction quality, and longevity.
Unfortunately, the laptop I purchased was also a Dell and again, I have to say i hated it.
A lot of help they WEREN'T!
The price is another driving influence that made me purchase this laptop.
It is much faster than my desktop which is a Core2 Quad running at 2.83 GHz.
I was amazed at how fast the delivery was.
I have had nothing but problems since the day I took it out of the box!
Best Buy was great as always and accepted the return and gave me another model 1764.
Learning all of the keyboard shortcuts only took a few minutes to get used to as some of the shortcuts are the same on Windows machines.
The Macbook arrived in a nice twin packing and sealed in the box, all the functions works great.
 Then after paying for it to be examined I was told it was same problem cited on website but I'd have to pay anyways since it was past warrenty.
This has happened three times so far.
I took it back to the store and exchanged it for another one.
This laptop is a great buy.
I bought a protector for my key pad and it works great :)
First of all, I've been Dell fan for more than fifteen years.
Very satisfied.
With all the goodies inside this machine, it is a value.
I'm learning the finger options for the mousepad that allow for quicker browsing of web pages.
BAck she goes!
With awesome graphics and assuring security, it's perfect!
It is so nice not to worry about that and the extra expense that comes along with the necessary virus protection on PC's.
Nice screen, keyboard works great!
I now own another Hewlitt Packard.
The price was very good, and the product is top quality.
But I was wrong.
I like this machine because its very lightweight...
Couldnt not use it.
No luck, although I waited for hours on the phone-Visited MacHouse, they stated the their call center is down due to too many phonecalls (difficult to believe).
Also, because of the size and consistancy of the laptop computer, some websites wouldn't even attempt to work on the computer because of browser problems.
My last computer, a Toshiba, cost only $400, and worked like a charm for many years.
I am enjoying it and the quality it provides is great!
The most amazing part to me as a PC user is the startup and shutdown times - and the fact that you very rarely have to restart the thing.
Congratulations Asus for creating one big piece of dump which is my laptop.
In all honesty, if someone is looking for a quality laptop and willing to pay a little more money for a normal sized laptop than a cheaper and less impressive laptop, then do not buy this computer.
That being said, it still runs video in full screen decently.
I have full control at all times of what is going on - there is no control+alt+delete business anymore.
My sister is the electronics manager at Wal Mart and she says that HP is the best.
It's great and we will always stick with Apple computers, we have been so happy with them.
As far as user type - I dabble in everything from games (WoW) to Photoshop, but nothing professionally.
We figure that after everything HIS pc actually ended up costing $350 more than my original Mac.
Before, I reloaded with Windows 7 Ultimate and used only the downloaded drivers from Acer's site.
However, this will be my last as well.
So a couple of years later, I was a dumb college girl and had to have the wireless internet.
They gave me a hard time yet again, but their was a malfunction in the battery itself, it didn't die.
I've been a PC user and I just finally switched and I am never going back.
I have never had an experience like this.
See retired recently and decided that she wanted a laptop.
believe me apple has a reputation.
It has far exceeded my expectations for power, storage, and abilitiy.
Wasn't sure if I was going to like it much less love it so I went to a local best buy and played around with the IOS system on a Mac Pro and it was totally unique and different.
I'm new - just switched from years of PC frustration.
(I definatly can't).
I have found it very easy to use, very imformative, wonder alerts and tutorials making it very easy for someone like me who is not exactly technologically advanced to learn to use the various features and programs.
And these are some reasons you should get a macbook pro.
( The iBook backup also uses a firewire connection).
the place we bought it from said that after they send it out to gateway 4 times they would give us a new one.
Even though it is running Snow Leopard, 2.4 GHz C2D is a bit of an antiquated CPU and thus the occasional spinning wheel would appear when running Office Mac applications such as Word or Excel.
So, if you're thinking of a laptop, I would heartily recommend theApple 13.3 MacBook Pro Notebook Computer (Z0J80001) Notebook for all your needs!
Within a few hours I was using the gestures unconsciously.
not the day received.
The PhotoBooth is a great program, it takes very good pictures with the built-in camera.
Oh and if thats not bad enough it doesn't come with a recovery cd so you can make one if you know how to or buy one if you buy it the cost is $25 for two cds.
I wish I would have taken the plunge years ago.
I'm extremely happy with my purchase as I now have the portable power I have been looking for.
  They told me to reprogram the computer, and I didn't need  to do that, and I lost pictures of my oldests first 2 years of her  life.
But the biggest pain is that tech support is not available 24/7.
This mac is great!
Awesome graphics!
I spent months looking for a good laptop for me and I finally found it!
This computer I used daily nice compact design.
I am not happy with my purchase
This laptop is a 100 times better than a Chromebook!
I bought this notebook and only had it for 3 months If it is overload with updates the BOOT MGR.
although its windows vista compared to windows xp sucks.
By Air sounds more like by truck to Me.
Fine if you have a touch screen.
It has plenty of memory, lots of hard drive, and great graphics.
I don't have that additional money right now, and therefore wouldn't have purchased it at this time.
it does get hot when using on a bed or sofa and gets warm on a desk....this is in an un-air conditioned room.....in air condition it gets slightly warm......
My kids have to take their PCs in once a year to have them "de-bugged".
Do yourself a favor, this is not a fake story trying to hurt alienware...
This is a great machine!
Great, quick laptop for the money.
I LOVE it!
This Notebook restarts every time there is a new update, so if you don't save your files and information, everything will be lost.
Eventually my battery wouldn't charge, so unless I had it plugged in it wouldn't even power on.
this company truely does make horrible products and doesnt seem to because they are certain things like this "never" happen...
falls into the case.
Again, decent comp for the price, and I was in need of one quickly as my other laptop died on me.
I would recommend this laptop to anyone looking to get a new laptop who is willing to spend a little more money to get great quality!
The screen shows great colors.
I wanted it for it's mobility and man, this little bad boy is very nice.
I have nothing to regret from this new product.
In fact, somehow (and I never opened it up) some specks of dust or something got inside the screen and are now there permanently, behind the front of the screen, in the way of the display.
I hope to edit this in the next few hours, I am going to try to install my own copy of Windows 7.
The operating system and user interface is very intuitive, and the large multi-touch track pad is amazing.
The OS is still as fast as the day that the laptop was purchased and continues to run flawlessly.
The only bad thing about it is they give you the worst batteries possible.
From the speed to the multi touch gestures this operating system beats Windows easily.
I can hardly wait to see whats around the next corner.
It was weird.
I was looking too closely at the other performance specs and while comparing, I took it for granted that these features were standard.
i am a huge computer person i love anykind of computer that works well, but when i got this one i was so happy with the way it works and how it runs its amazing.
I respond that I do not have the old computer...
Runs real quick.
They don t translate from a Mac, even on Word, resulting in a ton of run-on sentences.
The settings are not user-friendly either.
Dell sucks
I have an iPhone, and iPad, so it just made sense to finish off the platform by adding the Mini.
I would tell the technician I knew exactly what was wrong with it but they did not listen and I had to go through a bunch of junk to get them to tell me I needed to send the computer in.
My MacBook Pro works like a dream, it has never overheated, or even been slightly warm for that matter.
You will not regret buying this computer!
But sadly the replacement froze-up while updating the BIOS again and shut down and would not turn back on.
I bought my macbook a few months ago and it has been my baby ever since.
They say that this will invalidate the warranty on the hard drive (I don't really understand why but anyway).
Does everything I wanted this laptop to do.
I saw this one, and I have the most difficult time trying to use them, they've made great dust collectors, I hate putting this computer down
  while it was barely a bargin in the begining, i would never purchase another dell and would not recomend the dell brand to others.
I previously owned an HP desktop and a Dell laptop.
I would recommend it just because of the internet speed probably because thats the only thing i really care about.
The best thing to do is build your own computer, but if u can't company's like dell who allow you to choose the components are better and for the same price you can get a computer who compares to one of apple $2000 systems and if you google "dell coupons" you can find codes that take a signifant  amount off the price.
The improvements to the OS have been relatively gradual, but substantive.
12.44 seconds to boot.
tech support would not fix the problem unless I bought your plan for $150 plus.
This little netboook is helping me get work done!
the manufacturer's warranty only covers replacement/repair of parts.
  I was also able to install and use my Photoshop and AfterEffects programs easily.
-When I started worrying for not hearing anything from them, I tried to call.
Since I have always used Apple products, the choice of Macbook Pro was obvious.
In the shop, these MacBooks are encased in a soft rubber enclosure - so you will never know about the razor edge until you buy it, get it home, break the seal and use it (very clever con).
Summary: Spend your money elsewhere
The built quality is really good, I was so Happy and excited about this Product.
Which is great I am running Vista Business and scored a 5.X on the index I have never seen a windows machine have a total score in the 5's.
First, it does not have a push button to open the lid.
The macbook rarely requires a hard reboot.
I wish Toshiba would allow their customers to select an option that only boots the OS at setup and removes all the unnecessary stuff.
Now that I have it I see that I really needed this for much more.
For example, when my husband turns the light out while I'm on the computer.
I also bought one for my wife, and 3 for my office.
Here we are another year later and the computer is doing the same thing.
Is this partially due to the fact that it is running Windows Vista?
I got it back and my built-in webcam and built-in mic were shorting out anytime I touched the lid, (mind you this was my means of communication with my fiance who was deployed) but I suffered thru it and would constandly have to reset the computer to be able to use my cam and mic anytime they went out.
The DVD burner broke after burning 3 DVD'd during that time!
Now that I have upgraded to Lion I am much happier about MAC OS and have just bought an iMac for office.
The speakers could have been better but it wasn't a deal breaker... this is a great little laptop... love it!
This computer that I have has had issues with the keyboard where it lost half the keyboard functions.
As a computer science student in college, I find that the portability, longevity, and ease of use of this computer make me (shockingly) want to do homework more;
Not sure on Windows 8.
I called Toshiba where I gave them the serial number and they informed me that they were having issues with the mother boards.
But you must get the 15 inch.
I was said it's videocard.
  Also, I have had alot of trouble with the keys sticking and will not type correctly.
Hope this helped!
4) Laptop still did not work, blue screen within a week...
the mouse jumps around all the time and it clicks stuff i dont want it too.
Then after 4 or so months the charger stopped working so I was forced to go out and buy new hardware just to keep this computer running.
The Mac Snow Leopard O/S is extremely easy to use, although very different than Win XP, Visa or Win7.
The performance is definitely superior to any computer I've ever put my hands on.
It doesnt overheat or make any loud noises.
i would never go back any more, i love this computer so much and i would recommend it to everyone.
It's great to have a solid Mac in the living room.
So I'd pop them off to see what the problem was, well guess what? The darn thing wouldn't go back on.
So far, a great product.
*=Webcam is a bit laggy, not the greatest.
It's silent and has a very small footprint on my desk.
While I mostly use it for email, internet and gaming, I'm confident all other applications live up to the high standard I've come to appreciate from Mac laptops.
It is easy to use, its keyboard easily accommodates large hands, and its weight is fantasic.
This ain't it.
The Apple engineers have not yet discovered the delete key.
I lost two items I was working on until I figured out what was happening.
I will stack it up against laptops that cost twice as much any day.
It is BLAZING fast!
I dual boot with Linux and that other security-prone OS and it performs flawlessly.
I burned my leg, after lifting it from my desk, and for less than 5 second putting it on my lap to clean my coffee table, so I can place it there.
Received the product promptly and without any issues.
Good in every aspect.
I just plug this into my 22" Monitor and the speedy MacOSX performs just as well on this dual-core that my Dell did with Windows 7 with a quad-core.
This is my second laptop,and it is head and shoulders above my first.
I would highly recommend this one to my friends
HOWEVER I chose two day shipping and it took over a week to arrive.
-Complied to their protocol, called number, made "case", got an email address to send complaint.
They definitely have a superior product!
Just beware no DVD slot so when I went to install software I had on CD I couldn't.
THE FIRST PROBLEM IS THAT THE KEYBOARD FUNCTION IS SIMPLY UNSATISFACTORY.
One drawback I noticed was sound quality via USB.
Biggest complaint is Windows 8 .
I purchased an HP right after my high school graduation.
With all the programs that came with it, such as iLife and iWork, I was set from the very beginning.
they had to replace the motherboard in April
I practically have a new laptop with all the "fixes" they have done!
  There's literally no way to make it sing with Vista.
The only thing I don't understand is that the resolution of the screen isn't high enough for some pages, such as Yahoo!Mail.
My mac laptop is fabulous in both areas.
Enjoy that Toshib force and durability unparalleled
If this is an improvement in Customer Service then I would hate too see what it was before!
CONS: Price is a bit ridiculous, kinda heavy.
The screen is bright and vivid and the keyboard is very easy to use, very important for use quick typers.
They're not safe, they're not durable, they just a worthless.
Clearly, there is something wrong with the product and LG didn't take up the responsibility.
Apparently they are defective since they are not securely attached.
Money and time well spent!
I had read online that some users were having sound problems.
Unless you need the Bluetooth 3.
it might be something deep within Windows, for I was unable to create a disk image on my hard drive.
Look up recipes and keep it on the kitchen counter while I cook.
I can say that I am fully satisfied with the performance that the computer has supplied.
MY TRACKPAD IS NOT WORKING.
The speed difference is next to NOTHING for a mac, and the hard drive can be manually upgraded or you could just buy a $60 500gb external hard drive.
I have had to send in my laptop three times to get it fixed.
I've had this laptop for about a month now.
Web browsing is very quick with Safari browser.
  Now I had not tried to use this since the disc drive had been replaced and after taking it back to the Geek Squad I found out they had accidently not used the right drive when they replaced the first one, so back it went to get the correct drive.
However, I can refute that OSX is "FAST".
When you look at the specs on Apple products in comparison to a Dell or a HP, yes they do seem to offer less for a higher cost.
Needless to say a PC that can't support a cell phone is less than useless!
For the Bluetooth to work properly, you must install the Launch Manager on the Drivers/Applications DVD, or it will not show after the reload.
the key bindings take a little getting used to, but have loved the Macbook Pro.
it has times were it freezes for 10 seconds and then starts again.
It doesn't have a lot of frills, but I didn't need any, and being able to buy what I needed, and not more than I needed was very important.
The durability of the laptop will make it worth the money.
It does run a little warm but that is a negligible concern.
She said Wal Mart rants and raves abouy carring Dell because it's a big name but they are a piece of garbage.
It runs very quiet too which is a plus.
1st hand experience is very important, especially for a new customer.
So you out of of notebook and money.
Not worth it one bit.
*2 weeks after giving the computer for repair*-Called headquarters, they report that they have not looked at it yet but it is "on the top of the stack".
It also does not have bluetooth.
Peformance is good for the price.
Also kinda loud when the fan was running.
I love this 13" Mac white unibody.
Took a while to clean it up to my specs.
As usual at customer service center, she asked me to hold for a moment while she went to the back-office and compare it with other same model netbooks and discussed it with her colleague (I could see them).
The service I received from Toshiba went above and beyond the call of duty.
Oh, it is such a great piece of equipment.
Gave phonenumber.
This unit is not.
Very fast boot up and shut down.
the mcbook pro notebook will make it easy for you to write and read your emails at blazing speeds.
I had in the past a Dell laptop and they sent me the items it needed or they sent a repair technician to my house to fix it.
Typically, when I purchase a new laptop I always end up using an external mouse for convenience.
2 months later, the battery went.
It is the worst laptop ever
As a user of a PC, I will will admit that the macBook Pro has a better running system in which I found myself "Getting the job done quicker.
I love everything about this computer.
I should have been more observant.
I was a little weary at purchasing another 13" macbook almost 2 years later but t looks like the newer macbooks have gotten its current line of graphics cards in order this time around.
This Mac Mini makes the Macbook Pro seem slow.
Which is what I did, check out my ACER 5517!
My wireless system would not recognize Windows 7 and I couldn't get online to find out why.
Sure it has the one touch keys but that was the best feature of the computer.
The processor a AMD Semprom at 2.1 ghz is a bummer it does not have the power for HD or heavy computing.
Sent unit back and it's been two months.
The reaction of Toshiba is there is nothing you can do about it so just sit back and except the fact that you are powerless and it is mind over matter.
But then, something goes wrong.
The 17 inch screen is very large, but the computer is very light.
  Stupidly, mind-numbingly slow--then I found it can only be loaded with 2GB *maximum*.
-They reported that the computer is in their headquarters.
Its seen in movies, sitcoms, prominent important people carry and use them and they are GREAT!
Who makes a laptop that can't rest on your lap?
I would like to tell you about the best laptop I just got from Mac.
It is so speedy.
I bought this MacBook Pro to replace my six-year-old PC (a Sony Vaio), but it was basically no better than my old PC, so I returned it.
It's also very capable of doing moderate video editing (although you may need the performance boost of the larger MacBook Pros for heavy duty mobile video editing).
now he mows yards so he can earn the money for the wireless internet.
Looking online, many people are having the same problem.
Well, I started using Google Chrome, which is a little better, but it freezes too sometimes.
The keyboard, which generally felt okay even for someone used to a desktop keyboard, now looks terrible.
I'm having the laptop returned unrepaired since paying $176 every 3  months just isn't worth it (that's about how long the port seems to  last).
That being said after 2 weeks of owning every time I start it up now it gives me a black screen for 5-8 seconds stating pxe-e61 media test error check cable.
at first!
I started hainv problems with it within the first month.
I liked the aluminum body.
Just a bunch of idiots who's English as a 5th language is forced at best.
the laptop preformed pretty well.
The speed is incredible and I am more than satisfied.
It was returned on the third day I owned it.
So I called, AGAIN.
I should have bought one a long time ago.
I really wish I had done this years ago.
  Then I've fixed the DC jack (inside the unit), rewired the DC jack to the OUTside of the laptop, replaced the power brick.
I think it was around 16 hundred bucks last I checked.
I have in the past gotten superfine sandpaper and "fixed" the edges by rounding them off.
Purchased for development purposes, but it has turned into my everyday laptop as well for surfing, e-mail, etc.
the last time we took it to get fixed the guy said that most likely it is a reppative problem and will keep happeneing so hopefully we can get a new one very soon!
Just keep in mind the graphics is not dedicated so loading the movie almost took a minute, but it ran fairly smooth for a non-dedicated graphics card.
I love it!
I recently purchased the mini and absolutely love it!
The online tutorial videos make it super easy to learn if you have always used a PC.
I am overall very pleased with my toshiba satellite, I like the extra features, I love the windows 7 home premium.
System is loosing about 20% of performance because of that.
The Dell Inspiron is fast and has a number pad on the keyboard, which I miss on my Apple laptops.
I love the glass touchpad.
I can do everything I could before, only faster and more efficiently.
A great college tool!
I bought this laptop on Saturday and am completely in love with it!
The difference in the Apple keyboard from a PC's keyboard took a bit of tim to get used to, but overall it's worth it!
But, for the cost this is a winner.